========================
ADVICE – AUTO (outputs)
========================
"Groundhog Day" Loop: The main facility of L Corp.
"I can see the Distortion, and the Distortion can occur to anyone.
"It's good to see a familiar face."
"Nagel und Hammer...
"So it really wasn't a malfunction.
"To know and manipulate all the secrets of the world; that is the privilege of the Head, the Eye and the Claws.
"grand view garden").
"vast garden").
(Complete the Realization of the Floor of General Works to access this fight)
(Episode 1)
(Essentially reaching Qliphoth Meltdown 11, although it is not labelled as such)
(If an even stronger Syndicate comes in, drives off the others, and asks you to pay a protection fee… Then there’s no choice but to give your new protectors what they ask for.) They’ll protect you with their lives as long as you still have money to pay.
(Liu Association Section 2 - Liu Association Section 2 Ⅱ) • Liu Association Section 1 • Xiao
(Note: All damage values mentioned below do not take into account damage multipliers regarding equipment.
(Omitted)
(Omitted) I think it was last Monday.
(P.S.
(Refer to <Audio Transcript of Testimony from a Fixer of OO Office>) Judging by what they said, such as “Made a deal with the devil”, and “Terrible things will happen if I break the contract”, it is speculated that ‘Yesterday's Promise’ is behind the incident.
(Refer to <Evidence 5-1: OO Office Counseling Audio Recording>.) But what can I do, really.
(Unmarked Spoilers)
(WARP Cleanup Crew)
(also known as The Claw).
(also known as The Eye) and C Corp.
(like Moses herself.)
(though it does reference the real name of the Wing, Nagel und Hammer or the Nail and Hammer)
*Ayin maps Carmens brain and possibly starts making the blueprints for Angela
*First known case of the distortion phenomenon, the pianist
- Angela
- Cogito - Night in the Backstreets - Seed of Light - Smoke War - White Nights and Dark Days - Singularity - Artificial Intelligence Ethics Amendment
- Cogito - Night in the Backstreets - Seed of Light - Smoke War - White Nights and Dark Days - Singularity - The Rules - The Hunt - The Taboo - Humans - Artificial Intelligence Ethics Amendment
- Moses, The Distortion Detective Chapter 1
- Roland
- Singing Machine's Flavour Text
--1000 years later in the cycle, 10 in real time and 1,000,000 perceived by Angela--
--5 months later (Christmas)--
--6 months later--
--About 1 year later--
--Beginning of the next year (Jan, 984)--
...
...It seems the work has been done, so let us organize the books now.
/ Arbiters.
/ Beholders.
/ Claws.
/ Gravity.
/ Nail, the main product the Wing is known for that induces a variety of odd effects upon impalement, both beneficial and detrimental.
/ Presumably Jail, the most practical thing that their Lock Singularity can be used on.
/ Replication, also used in reference to their Rabbit, Rhino and Reindeer teams.
/ Time, most famously for their TimeTrack2 Protocol.
/ Warp.
0% Approval Rating: Not even the other Wings liked old L Corp.
00: Unknown
01: Humanoid—or possessing human-like characteristics:
02: Animalistic:
03: Otherworldly or religious:
04: Inanimate objects:
05: Machines and artifacts:
06: ‘Abstract’—due to the limited data pool (1.76 MHz and Nothing There), this rationale for this classification is mostly speculative:
07: ‘Breaching Tool’:
08: Unknown—possibly ‘Sin’:
09: Tool-type:
1 Description
1 History
1 Red Invitations
1.1 Canard
1.1 Origins
1.2 The Pianist
1.2 Urban Myth
1.3 Overview
1.3 Urban Legend
1.4 Urban Plague
1.5 Urban Nightmare
1.6 Star of the City
1.7 Impuritas Civitatis
1.76 MHz)
10% Energy Quota: Rotates the facility by 36­°.
100% Energy Quota: The camera scrolls upward as Ayin speaks to X (Ayin).
1000) she will perform the Gold Rush attack used in Phase 1.
1000), The Red Mist will throw Da Capo to another Main Room, the weapon dealing 145-155 White damage to anyone in the way.
17 of the 26 Wings (25, taking into account the current empty seat due to L Corp's collapse) have been mentioned to some degree.
1Any unlocked but uncompleted Abnormality battles on the KeterIcon.pngFloor of General Works must be completed before it can be viewed
2 Events
2 Known Distortions
2.1 Fixers
2.1 Library Of Ruina
2.2 The Udjat
2.2 WonderLab
2.3 Aftermath
2.3 The Distortion Detective
2.4 Limbus Company
20% Energy Quota: Rotates the facility by 72°.
3 See also
30% Energy Quota: Rotates the facility by 108°.
4 Gallery
40% Energy Quota: Rotates the facility by 144­°.
5 References
50% Energy Quota: Rotates the facility by 180°.
60% Energy Quota: Background music changes.
70% Energy Quota: Increases the speed of the facility rising.
80% Energy Quota: Increases the speed as the screen fades to white.
90% Energy Quota: The beam of light activates above the facility, shining light over the world
A Backstreets Butcher, Page 1
A Backstreets Butcher, Page 2
A Bayard’s Office Fixer’s Page
A Blade Lineage Cutthroat’s Page
A Church of Gears Worshipper’s Page
A Corp.
A Day in the Limelight: Canto IV is set in the main building of K-CORP, which gets attacked by the Technology Liberation Alliance, and the Singularity of K-CORP is finally explained fully.
A Day in the Limelight: Canto VIII focuses on the Hierarch Evaluation in Hongyuan, with its lore and Singularity being explained, and expands on the destruction of the previous H Corp leadership by Garion.
A Fixer should never be carried away by emotion.
A Fixer’s attire is the most effective way to signify the image of an Office.
A Fixer’s freedom is only truly complete when they are given a color from the Hana Association.
A Grade 7 Fixer, Page 1
A Grade 7 Fixer, Page 2
A Grade 7 Fixer, Page 3
A Grade 8 Fixer, Page 1
A Grade 8 Fixer, Page 2
A Grade 8 Fixer, Page 3
A Hana Fixer’s Page
A Hook Office Fixer, Page 1
A Hook Office Fixer, Page 2
A Jeong’s Office Fixer’s Page
A Kurokumo Henchman’s Page
A Leaflet Workshop Fixer’s Page
A Lighter Shade of Black: Even if the cruelty L Corp.
A Liu Section 1 Fixer’s Page
A Liu Section 2 Fixer’s Page
A Mirae Insurer’s Page
A Night Awl’s Page
A Puppet, Page 1
A Puppet, Page 2
A Rusted Chainlink’s Page
A Seven Association Fixer’s Page
A Shi Fixer’s Page
A Smiling Face’s Page
A Stray Dog’s Page
A Sweeper’s Page
A Syndicate member spotted me, and I closed my eyes tight, thinking this was the end.
A T Corp.
A Taboo Hunter hailing from District 14 and the only documented Taboo Hunter.
A Thumb Soldato’s Page
A WARP Cleanup Agent's Page
A WARP Cleanup Agent’s Page
A Wing is often driven by an urge for invention, ideals, power or pure sadism, but rarely money.
A Wing that seemingly specializes in the excavation, mining, and refining of metals and artifacts.
A Wing that specializes in controlling gravity via their Singularity.
A Wing that uses a Singularity called Fairies.
A Wing which governs District 14.
A Wing which was the main target of the Smoke War a decade ago.
A Wing whose Singularity allows them to lock anything, physically or conceptually.
A Wing will end up falling when it loses too many of its feathers, but it won’t bother to desperately protect all of its feathers since a feather or two will naturally grow back.
A Workshop-affiliated Fixer’s Page
A Yun’s Office Fixer, Page 1
A Yun’s Office Fixer, Page 2
A Yun’s Office Fixer, Page 3
A Zwei Fixer’s Page
A beautiful tree in bloom grows from the cracks the flower made.
A considerable number of calls we get actually aren’t mere incidents.
A couple other things I heard are that all sorts of sounds and noises are coming from that camp… and that a large number of firearms belonging to the Thumb were abandoned on the ground.
A crack appeared in our minds which we never thought would crumble.
A fallen Nest no longer has an owner to protect its inhabitants.
A familiar place, a familiar mind, a familiar person.
A few days later, Carmen spilled out all of the guilt within her and plunged into it, never to come back up.
A fight to protect, and to avoid falling behind.
A friend of mine who was trained in the same workshop as me told me about this place.
A given work type button can be linked back to its own corresponding work type (i.e.
A group of W Corp employees tasked with cleaning up the WARP Trains, both literally and "cleaning up" any evidence of the Dark Secret of the WARP Trains.
A group of these veterans act as the Starter Villain of Limbus Company, swarming around and within a defunct L-Corp.
A growing feeling of unease about the possibility of being their next target.
A hotshot Fixer gets all the push they can get from their Office.
A large-scale war was about to occur.
A light glow occurs during certain Qliphoth Meltdown levels.
A lot of them take your money never to give it back; even if you terminate your insurance, they won’t.
A mind that is content to have nothing.
A mind that is willing to let go of things that were destined to leave at some point.
A new employee shall come and replace anew the now deceased [Agent].
A notary public Office preserves evidence involved in contractual processes and certifies legal issues.
A peacekeeping Office provides protection for requested territories for a certain period of time.
A person covered in red massacring all the Syndicate members in front of me.
A person who tries to look after everyone, and doesn’t hide his grief-stricken face when a coworker passes away.
A polar opposite to me.
A relationship begins with a desire to know.
A relatively unknown Wing whose Singularity involves glyphs or runes that can cast esoteric spells on their targets.
A reminder that you’re a sluggish turtle right now!
A scary humanoid thing fully covered in armor, walking toward you with a greatsword decorated with red flesh… It was a miracle I didn’t faint on the spot.
A shell… It kept asking for a shell.
A single request from a Wing resolved can keep us afloat for three months minimum.
A straight and honest person.
A stuffed doll you were carrying, now next to the box, caught my eye.
A swordsman who does not have a single blade scar on his skin is doubtlessly too careful when he wields his weapon, and his inane hesitation will be an obstacle.
A way to measure the triggering of a effect is via their Qliphoth Counter, which, when reaching a number (usually 0), will trigger its ability.
A wise person once said that you must close your ears when someone utters useless words or speaks with harmful intention.
A woman who serves as one of the Head's Arbiters.
A woman who was one of the Head's Arbiters.
A world devoid of wants.
A world where individuals can shape their own reality as they see fit.
A world where one can’t eat flowers!
A-01 visited OO Office to give a request four days prior to the incident.
A-03 began throwing large needles, the length of which varied from 1 to 3 meters.
A.I.
Abandon all expectation—just keep a merry positive attitude and laugh no matter what you see!
Abandoned Laboratory: After the deployment of the Seed of Light, L Corp.
Abilities may also be triggered by Work Results, PE-Boxes collected, Stat Levels and work performed.
Abnormalities
Abnormalities (환상체, Hwansangche) are, as their name suggests, a type of abnormal entity that can be used to generate power.
Abnormalities created by the Tumblbug backers that crowdfunded the Lobotomy Corporation kickstarter from before the official release of the game.
Abnormalities if their creation is closely related to humans (ex.
Abnormalities of ascending Risk Levels.
Abnormalities that are described or appear to be foreign and alien to the world the City takes place in.
Abnormalities that resemble animals, rather than humans.
Abnormalities typically possess an orange-and-blue morality, with their values being centered on the concept they embody.
Abnormalities with this Meltdown will get a penalty addition of -10% Success Rate and have a 45 second timer (will increase with Tiphereth's clerk bonus).
Abnormalities with this Meltdown will get a penalty addition of -20% Success Rate and have a 45 second timer (will increase with Tiphereth's clerk bonus).
Abnormalities with this Meltdown will get a penalty addition of -5% Success Rate and have a 60 second timer (will increase with Tiphereth's clerk bonus).
Abnormality Dissolution
According to Kalo in his Key Page Story, under the hierarchy of The Thumb, a board member of a Wing is equal in status to a Thumb Sottocapo.
According to Moses, a Fixer who operates as "the Distortion Detective," the Distortion is akin to a disease slowly incubating within everyone in the City.
According to [Heishou Pack - Mao Branch] Ryōshū, they share the same origins but otherwise "have grazed on different grass".
According to witnesses, the Head usually sends only a lone agent to deal with potential lawbreakers or resistances.
Actually… I talked to you some time ago.
Additionally, Moses' actions during the Smoke War heavily guilted her and caused her to seek atonement by later establishing herself as the "Distortion Detective."
Affiliation Lobotomy Corporation (Formerly)
After Hokma finishes the tea, he thanks Binah and takes his leave.
After a Wing collapses, its Singularity becomes publicly available, no longer protected under patent.
After a brief period of silence, Moses breathed out smoke in the other direction and asked me where the leader of the Circus went.
After a day’s work, they sit by the windows and look out on the streets, cracking open a can of beer… Chat with their friends about what they witnessed last evening.
After a moment of silence, she slowly opened her mouth.
After acquiring the license, the Fixer must join an ‘Office’.
After all, a Fixer is free to take any request.
After all, it’s nigh impossible for a no-name Fixer to take jobs on their own.
After all, two parallel roads could never cross.
After being numb for a while, I finally tumbled down to the floor and broke into laughter louder than any sound I’d made before.
After being promoted, they are given a blade of their own, and they may take off the blindfold.
After completing the day, Hokma will reward the player with permanent upgrades: The maximum limit upon all employee statistics is now elevated to 130.
After each Qliphoth Meltdown: All employees in the facility are healed to their Max HP and SP.
After each Qliphoth Meltdown: The boosted type of damage is changed.
After finishing the first mission, Hokma begins by questioning if they have reached their goal.
After finishing the second mission, Hokma appears once again by saying that A might believe he doesn't know what happens in the facility, but explaining that it is the other way: That A doesn't know.
After it collapsed, the technology patent expired.
After losing 1/3 of her Max HP (i.e.
After performing this attack, The Red Mist will take a knee for 20 seconds, exhausted after her exertion; she will be unable to move or attack while this occurs.
After that, Hokma says that he wanted to ask A something.
After the Control Team’s Sephirah, Malkuth, took charge of the group, she tasked Hokma and the rest of the Record Team with preventing Angela from taking over the facility’s remaining systems.
After the collapse of Lobotomy Corporation, a sought-after essence known as "The Golden Bough" has begun to materialize across L Corp.'s former branches.
After the short talk, the credits roll.
After things kicked off though, everyone who had a bone to pick quickly joined the fight.
After this, his first mission is handed.
After this, the screen changes to the Record Team with Hokma, ends that as such, at the lowest layers, everything sinks.
Aftermath
Afterwards, augmentation tattoos became some of the most common body augment procedures in the City.[44]
Age Unknown
Agents can only equip 1 Tool at a time.
Agents will take additional damage if they are wearing E.G.O.
Ah, there’s one way to achieve that pipe dream.
Aimlessly wandering around the facility as intangible phenomena, Ordeals will resonate with the Abnormalities and manifest physical form.
Alas, I didn’t shed tears before that piano where your body rested—for I soon realized that you were no longer there.
Alas, it would be wise not to expose your wounds outside of those on your face.
Albums Original Soundtrack
Alias(es) Benjamin (Formerly)
Alias: The Blue Reverberation.
All E.G.O Equipment produced and distributed towards L Corp’s employees are extracted by the Extraction Team under the Lobotomy Corporation Headquarters.
All H Corp.
All I can do is humbly accept my fate.
All I can think is that she was probably giving me a look of disgust.
All I could tell is that it’s just a big, heavy greatsword; nothing out of the ordinary other than its appearance.
All I did was crawl to a wall, crouch into a ball, and pray that no eyes fall on me.
All I want is to meet my son, whom I had to part with in the most unfortunate way.
All Myths Are True: A storybook found in the lobby of K Corp's lab depicts a fairy tale where a child names the stars and constellations, and the stars return the favor when the grown-up child falls ill, bathing the world in a rain of tears that restores everyone to full health.
All Upper Layer (Asiyah) Suppressions must be completed first before triggering this event.
All Your Powers Combined: The Head seemingly has access to the Singularity of every other Wing, with their agents utilizing weaponized versions of said Singularities.
All but a few of our agents were pulverized by those people before they could even see a glimpse of the Color…
All deeds require the same resolve to pull oneself through.
All departments possess Qliphoth Meltdown Immunity against the Meltdowns given from the Qliphoth Meltdown gauge, even if the department isn't immune.
All four initial days (46-49) are unique but have three things in common:
All it takes is an advantageous situation.
All it uttered was monologue.
All locations in Library of Ruina.
All of the Abnormalities are different and each poses a different threat in-game.
All of them can only be used once they've accumulated 20 Charge stacks.
All of us are simply performing our duties.
All people and firms generating income in this City must pay their taxes.
All rendered useless.
All the buildings are packed together, and the architecture periodically shifts and restructures itself seemingly at random.
All the chefs are continuing their research to this day, seeking more stimulating flavors.
All the fresh-looking Prescript contained was a command to be a Messenger.
All the middle layer (Briah) must have been defeated first before triggering its event.
All they care about is guessing who will win.
All three of these Abnormalities are associated with objects from or are representative of mythology, which is where the speculation that M stands for Mythical stems from.
All we know about the Office is that its Fixers wore luxurious clothes, and the Office interior was fancy as well—in a style unique to the northern side… And that there were twelve Fixers led by someone called the “captain”… and they’ve all parted ways now, living their own lives.
All you can do is survive their onslaught long enough for them to be impressed enough to spare you.
All you need to do is make a summary of all the details for the deal you’re making and visit the Office.
Allegorical Character: The Head is essentially an allegory of systemic oppression in and of itself, specifically its toxic maintenance of the status quo and the inability for the common person to rebel against it.
Allen’s Page
Alloc’s Page
Along with Binah, he was the only Sephirot to possess full knowledge of Lobotomy Corporation’s inner workings.
Along with it spawning and summoning the Meltdowns, it will also raise dark spikes below the agents of the other departments, dealing great Black Damage (33-40) to anyone standing on its position, but it takes a short time to trigger.
Alphabetical Theme Naming: From A, B, and C Corp.
Also F Corp, which wanted to experiment with Fairies to use ‘em in various ways, but failed to produce satisfactory results because they didn’t get enough energy… And many other Wings had a thing or two to say about the older L Corp, but they didn’t have the gall to say it out loud.
Also allows the creation of solid material from what appears to be ink, melting away when certain conditions are met.
Also known as "The One Who Grips", Kromer is the leader of the fanatical N Corp.
Also known as Light Corporation due to both it and its predecessor being power companies, and also in reference to the messianic Seed of Light.
Also known as the "Eyes of the World", is one of the two Wings directly affiliated with the Head.
Also known as the "Head of the World", A Corp.
Also known as the Claw, they are one of the two Wings directly affiliated with the Head.
Also required is the ability to make quick assessments of the situation in order to swiftly strike the target’s vital point with minimal movement.
Although I gave you that advice, now I understand that it’s not without fault.
Although Wings generally have specialized departments to fulfill their necessary tasks, like the WARP Cleanup Crew of W Corp, Wings can also hire Fixers or other outside groups to work for them — an example being Vespa Crabro, a Taboo Hunter of N Corp.
Although Wings generally have specialized departments to fulfill their necessary tasks, like the WARP Cleanup Crew of W Corp., Wings can also hire Fixers or other outside groups to work for them.
Although it looked a bit creepy, it wasn’t anything unbearable, and Carmen didn’t seem to mind it as long as there were experiments to be performed with it.
Although it may appear to be this at first glance due to the hypercapitalistic nature of the City in general, the main objective of a Wing itself is often vague and far removed from common sense and simple profit.
Although no Wing barring R Corp and old-G Corp has revealed their formal military force, their staff are still formidable fighters to the protagonists of the games and signal when the games begin to increase in difficulty.
Although not all Wings are named thus far, the 26 Wings appear to have an alphabetical name theme, with the number of the District they control corresponding to the position of their naming letter in the English alphabet.
Although that doesn't explain how people and groups that directly want to challenge the Head are left free to do as they please, such as Argalia and Dias.
Although they probably aren’t trying to become a Star themselves.
Although they're most well-known for their healing ampules, Limbus Company reveals that the solution can also be modified to produce "decay ampules" which melt down the target's body instead of healing them.
Although we don't learn what happens to the organization after that, it's unlikely for them to be a threat any more, assuming if it's not a portion of the Wing's executive branch and the Wing's management doesn't hire new personnel.
Although, there is one thing the Hana Association can’t touch on.
Amazon Brigade: Every known Arbiter (all two of them) is female.
Ambiguous Situation:
Ambiguous Situation: It's unknown if X Corp has anything to do with XX Incorporated, mentioned in Lobotomy Corporation as being the company that made the All-Around Helper and We Can Change Anything Abnormalities.
Ambiguous Situation: The Mao Branch have some kind of connection to the R Corp.
Among other buyers, Devyat Association makes use of this technology for their Courier Trunks.
Among the designations shown below are F, T, and O, which were revealed in LobotomyCorporation_ArtBook, and M, which appears in Limbus Company but has not yet been explained:
Among the more intelligent ones, communication is possible with some Abnormalities, but interaction inherently poses danger due to their volatile personalities and abilities.
An Abnormality, the Wayward Passenger, can be encountered by the Sinners of Limbus Company, and its near-inhuman actions and description all but directly state that the creature is all that’s left of somebody who took one of W Corps.
An Arbiter appears at Extraction Team's main room (Binah).
An Arbiter controls the battlefield while Claws work as a counter against powerful duelists.
An Arbiter doesn't suffer damage made by Abnormalities.
An Arbiter has 2400 HP instead of 4000 HP, 40% less than the original.
An Arbiter summons Special Qliphoth Meltdowns again: Meltdowns of Dark Fog and Meltdowns of Gold, along another one, Meltdowns of Waves.
An Arbiter will have a 60 second to 75 second timer after the Meltdowns are cleared, and when that time is up, she has a 25% chance of re-adding the Meltdowns of Pillars or adding the Meltdowns of Dark Fog, Gold and Waves, repeating this until her HP is reduced to 0.
An Arbiter will stop in its current position and summon 7 Meltdown of Pillars and charge a special attack.
An Arbiter will stop moving.
An Arbiter, will appear from its main room and will roam through the facility with a yellow aura, trying to get into the upper departments.
An Axe Gang Member, Page 1
An Axe Gang Member, Page 2
An Index Proselyte’s Page
An Udjat’s Page
An accident that will cost you a great deal of money could happen at any time; insurance is useful for such cases.
An agent is randomly marked to be chased, the mark appearing the same as that of the Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary's mark.
An all-out war in open fields where numerous people clash at once is not our preferred form of battle (though, it’s one of the areas where the Liu Association excels); we truly shine when we operate in small numbers.
An appendage branches from the right side to upwards, holding different robotic parts of its real form, with some of these parts below its base too.
An associate Office is one that is in a cooperative relationship with one of the Associations.
An awkward sound mimicking somebody.
An expansive wave is emitted from the Sephirah upon reaching Qliphoth Meltdowns Level 2 and 4.
An individual sending counterfeit Prescripts out of their own volition can ultimately be traced back to the will of the Prescripts, and the City itself.
An invitation to the Library or the presence of dangerous Distortions in the Trains, however, still understandably scare them.
An ordinary city-goer might not even know or experience their unsavoury aspects first-hand.
An organization that works from the Backstreets of District 8, they are a mysterious cabal of shadowy mercenaries that are contractually bound to the lords of H.
An seemingly endless cycle of scenario failures and reactivations flash across the screen.
An uncomfortable middle ground is the most common however, where people have most of their limbs converted into insect parts and have useless wings hanging off their back, or roach mandibles and carapaces jutting out of their face.
An ‘abnormality’ refers to an abnormal trait or occurrence; the term is usually used in a medical context.
Anachronism Stew: Its Nest architecture and its culture heavily resemble Industrial Revolution England, in a futuristic dystopian setting.
And I guess there were some who had no thoughts.
And I had the misfortune of getting caught up in the middle of one.
And I hope they can tell me that.
And I just want to be as good as the stain on their apron at least!
And I plan to reunite with you soon.
And I think, ‘Oh, I sure hope that person manages to get away…’ I’m just being a hypocrite, of course.
And I thought I could perhaps become a better person if I saw what he was seeing together.
And Offices are managed by the twelve Associations.
And San’s from the streets of District 21, the same place I grew up in.
And an Office housing competent Fixers can get sponsorships from Associations, Wings, or workshops.
And countless Offices and Syndicates reside in the Backstreets.
And don’t forget to take all the relevant documents with you: Notarial deed of promissory note, Migration permit for the Nest (or the Backstreets) of District OO, Deed of forward contract, and everything else related to the deal.
And even then, the features of that Beholder are heavily distorted, making their appearance difficult to ascertain.
And her body swelled up and exploded into a shower of needles, just like Dery did.
And if you do meet an executive of a Wing in-person, there's a high chance that person is also either batshit insane, flat-out sociopathic, or at least holds some kind of vice one way or anothernote .
And in the many worlds I’ve been to while doing this job… I saw many people who were lost after losing their precious stuff, just like me.
And it’s as sharp as the noise of that last moment when I was scolded for the first time.
And last of all, act not.
And old L corp had old G corp (and someone else) backing them up.
And on top of those twelve is the Hana Association.
And one time, he walked into a dark alleyway, saying exploration shouldn’t be a problem for a brave person even though his face was already full of fear, and then ran back to me in less than a minute.
And people who eat the same food will naturally grow similar.
And she was right; a huge war broke out soon after.
And some Fixers often cooperate with Syndicates to handle cases.
And stay quiet!”
And that’s gonna lead to higher income for us.
And that’s one of the tamer examples I could give.
And that’s pretty tempting.
And that’s when strength plays its part.
And the Offices must fulfill the terms of the contract following the mutual agreement.
And the Tres Association is the one responsible for managing those workshops in general.
And the Wings that can and do use their Singularities beneficially and constructively are still pretty much batshit insane, they're just very good at hiding it and/or harm the public more sparingly.
And the food you guys casually eat, going “Mm~ Tasty~”, are way!
And the gullible clients fall for it.
And the pressure I felt just from being around those powerful Fixers… The stark difference between me and them was something, I couldn’t think much else.
And the scariest part of it all is finding myself beginning to think this way.
And they said, they did try to request an Office at first with the money raised by their neighbors.
And they use it to make the trains run on time.
And they’ll make a serious face as though they’re trying to think of who could’ve done this ridiculous prank to them.
And they’re populated with all sorts of people.
And this is the result: hire guys like us and proudly advertise it.
And those rusty ol’ fellas sweep every corner of the streets, so no evidence is left behind.
And training hard isn’t gonna do it.
And while strategizing allows you to look ahead and see where victory lies, it doesn’t ensure that you will reach it.
And with the press of a button… Tada!
And you got money to earn for yourself.
Angela
Angela (Moments before retreating): "You sure are verbose company, just like Binah."note
Angela - Roland - Malkuth - Yesod - Hod - Netzach - Tiphereth - Gebura - Chesed - Binah - Hokma
Angela admits that she is not sure, and asks Hokma what he believes.
Angela asks if Hokma remembers their successful completion of the “script” (referring to the Seed of Light scenario).
Angela believes that, regardless of what he says, he will still try to stop her.
Angela betrays L corp and takes the light for herself
Angela bristles at this, interpreting it as the Sephirot taking pity on her.
Angela calls this idiotic, unable to comprehend how it is possible for him to do this, before briefly being overwhelmed by emotion.
Angela claims that she is doing so as a “side benefit” because—despite her continued envy and hatred for him—both of them have a history of being subject to manipulation.
Angela claims that she is only using the resources available to her, citing Ayin, who both recklessly created her and used the Sephirot as puppets.
Angela counters that learning how to treat humans as expendables in Lobotomy Corporation was the only choice she ever had.
Angela defends her choice, claiming that they only do this when receiving guests, who themselves enter the Library of their own will.
Angela explains she is wandering around in her free time, while Chesed explains that Binah's Assistant Librarians brought them to her Floor as a means of "returning the favor:" Chesed further explains that many of the Assistant Librarians often visit his floor to have a cup of coffee.
Angela expresses her hatred for the Sephirot, claiming that she wanted nothing more than to erase them all, only for Carmen to convince her otherwise.
Angela found this statement absurd, as they had never once spoken about what to do with the Light prior to this moment, but nevertheless promised to uphold her end of the deal.
Angela gains ego and builds the library
Angela inquires as to whether he knows anything about how the Library's invitations work.
Angela is surprised that Hokma is being gracious toward her after all of this, though he responds that it is up to her to interpret his feelings.
Angela is surprised that the Patron Librarians have set up a cleaning rotation even though she hadn't ordered them to.
Angela is unsure, but nevertheless resolves to continue down the path she has chosen.
Angela makes to leave, seeing no use in staying if Hokma won’t answer her questions.
Angela notes that he is more incisive with his words than before, and asks if he has had a change of heart.
Angela notes that the Patrons are friendly with their assistants.
Angela ponders whether she has truly wished for vengeance all this time.
Angela remarks that she was alone from the beginning to the end, and regards herself as foolish to think that anyone would remain by her side.
Angela replies that Hokma has endured the same, referring to him as Benjamin.
Angela says that she does not expect him to enjoy her visits, to which Hokma responds that she is free to think whatever pleases her.
Angela shadily suggests that Roland should also join the cleaning roster, to which he can only give a sigh of defeat.
Angela shortly takes her leave.
Angela speculates that the facility was probably sealed underground, with some—though not all—of its residents surviving.
Angela walks into the BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy, finding Binah, Chesed, Gebura, and Hod sitting together having tea, with Binah and Chesed debating their drink preferences.
Angelica.
Animal Motifs: Birds of prey, especially eagles.
Another cross appears at the top of the screen with letters written on each tip for each damage type: R, W, B, P.
Anton’s Page
Anxious that my mind might be consumed by the voice if I let it weaken my will, I tried my best to pretend that I didn’t hear it.
Any containment units in the way of the pillar will become affected by a Qliphoth Meltdown.
Any employees formerly working in the fallen Wing will also be plunged into working for scraps unless they are deemed useful for another Wing.
Any groups, even Wings, which act against the Head's authority run the risk of being attacked and/or shut down by the Head.[13]
Any misconduct considered capital offenses by the Head detected by them will be used to signal Arbiters and Claws to take out the offender(s).
Anya is now 'sleeping' in the Department, and this time, he grants authority to A to wake her up, as the scene gains a green electronic filter.
Anya thought it was a prank or someone had messed with the letters, but then realized she never applied for Lobotomy Corporation.
Anything works; you could weld the door, use wooden planks, padlock the door, or whatever.
Anyway, after hearing my ramblings, they said that there’s someone in their Office who would be perfect for the job, and I took the offer since I didn’t have any better ideas.
Anyway, don’t worry about me, and do the things you want to do.
Anyway, humans can be a bit noisy, but they’re very handy to deal with overall since there’s little to worry about compared to other meats.
Anyway, she pointed at an alleyway with that weird sword of hers and told me that I’ll be able to save myself if I ran that way, and that the rest is up to me.
Anyway, that’s how Syndicates and Fixers complement each other.
Anyway, we rarely sold the dishes made out of their meat other than the sausages.
Anyway, whatever happens in the train, we revert it using our Singularity of restoration, and T Corp.
Anyways, since I was asked to pay a visit to the Library… It’ll be worth investigating the case some more after I get this job done.
Apart from direct extraction methods, Abnormalities can also provide trinkets or even their own body parts to employees they fancy.
Appears on BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy
Appears on ChesedIcon.pngFloor of Social Sciences
Appears on HokmaIcon.pngFloor of Religion
Appears on KeterIcon.pngFloor of General Works
Appears on NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art
Appears on TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Natural Sciences
Applies to Abnormalities resembling inanimate objects similar to those classified as 04, but includes mechanical entities that can act autonomously and are capable of independent action.
Arbiters go into combat with no weapons, but they're still able to blast foes with Fairies, generate pillars and throw them telekinetically, cause chains to erupt from the ground, cause massive shockwaves and more.
Arbitrary Headcount Limit: Invoked; Heishou Packs have their populations closely monitored and controlled, with creation of new Heishou being a highly regulated process only accessible to the highest authorities of the branch.
Arc Villain: They, and their leader Kromer in particular, act as the main antagonists of Canto III of Limbus Company.
Are not present at all in Facility X-394; the 08 classification was introduced via the Peccatula in Leviathan and Limbus Company—entities that, while are not Abnormalities, shared the same classification code system temporarily.
Argalia.
Argalia’s Page
Arnold’s Page
As Hod explains, some regions call it black tea due to the color of the tea leaves, while others call it red tea due to the color of the tea itself.
As I always say, it’s all about money in this world.
As I explained moments ago… If you can’t spit out the money you illegitimately earned from manufacturing or selling products using stolen technology, punishment awaits.
As I thought, Xiao agreed plainly and rightly.
As Roland and Angela find out, this rumor is completely founded.
As a result, pretty much every Thumb crook and the Syndicate’s subsidiaries that were in this place are goners… Even the Underboss who was supposed to lead them kicked the bucket, so you can guess how it went.
As a welcoming gift, he settled the memory of A with B from the past, revealing that Hokma is B but seemingly quite older in appearance, aging not due to time, but due to the loss of everything he loved.
As before, The Red Mist will stay in the room she is in, engaging entities that enter the room.
As diverse as Syndicates and Fixers are, weapons need individuality to stand out in this day and age.
As her friend, it’s unfortunate that Lulu is struck with grief.
As if I could actually be someone great.
As it turns out, the true nature of the healing serum is its ability to return living things to their original state.
As long as I can protect that one person.
As long as the conditions are met, the payout will fill in for financial damage.
As long as the request fee is paid, we remove the target with no questions asked, regardless of who the client is, what kind of crime they may have committed, or any other details.
As long as we are chained to our lives, we ought to live.
As long as you don't do anything that's worthy of incurring their wrath, one can basically avoid dealing with them at all.
As more time passed, I could use the armor for longer, and eventually got to draw out its full power.
As much as it’s necessary to choose the right attire according to the code, the most important factor is the fabric that clothing is made of.
As my thoughts became clearer, I couldn’t just sit down.
As of Intervallo I, its District remains unclaimed.[3]
As our occupation involves placing some on low positions and holding others in high regard, we must secure the values that constitute our frame, while amending outdated parts of our ideologies.
As people said, aging doesn't mean greater wisdom.
As rewarding as work given by Wings can be, there’s significant risk associated with it.
As seen in The Distortion Detective, Dias used the Smoke War to eliminate her enemies.
As she has new weapons, her attacks have changed.
As such, the Wings guard information about their Singularity with lethal force and maintain patents on their Singularity and all its related technologies to avoid losing its secrets to rival Wings, industry competitors, or other forces.
As such, the Wings guard information about their Singularity with lethal force.
As the Blue Reverberation’s plot was already in motion, I needed to act quick and do the least I could to stop him.
As the person with pigtails got closer and closer, I found myself stepping backward, even though I knew I should be saying hello to her… Soon, the chime on the door rang as it opened up, and we stood still for a few seconds like that, not one of us saying a single word.
As this type of equipment is essentially independently functioning archetypes of an Abnormality, it is no mistake to say that Agents wield the same kind of power and danger that Abnormalities possess.
As time passed, my fear of it changed to weariness.
As usual, the Spikes are re-summoned as well during the reassignment of the meltdowns.
As usual, when summoning the Meltdowns, dark spikes will raise below the agents position to try to damage them with Black Damage.
As we stored Pameli’s head in a stasis preservation case and headed to the exit of the collapsing circus tent, we ran into a group of Fixers.
As well as prying into his plots, I intend to hamper his efforts myself before collecting data and presenting evidence of his irregular activity to the Head.
As well as this, she appears to have an armored body and a gray mask on her face.
As with all Singularities, it has small side effects.
Ascended Extra: The Claw only appears as Ordeals in Lobotomy Corporation, and the Post-Final Boss confrontation against the Head is the first time we saw a real one in action.
Associate Fixers are classified into multiple levels, too.
Astonished, I moved around and shook my limbs several times, and the veil dissipated soon after.
Astonishingly Appropriate Appearance: Her hair is styled to resemble rabbit ears.
At first, I didn’t expect that spring chicken to be able to do much, but I was surprised to see that he only needed a week to convince everyone.
At first, I spent much time thinking over it, and asked myself many questions.
At first, I was okay with their expectations.
At first, it was thought to be a kind of smoke that’s no different from what factories chug out; but over time, people realized that this was affecting the residents around it negatively.
At first, people at this corp also struggled to think of a good way to use this tech.
At least I won’t be visited by new kinds of pain… Prescripts keep coming without a break.
At least she does something.
At least some of us’ll make it outta here thanks to the early warning.
At most… it’s just good enough to make your eyes spin!
At regular intervals, we start marching from the perimeter of a Nest and sweep everything as we move forward.
At some point during the war, Moses chose to quit the Udjat while in L Corp's Nest, vowing to bring her subordinates Ezra and Han Hee-joon out of the organization as well.[10][4] According to Hee-joon, Moses then went on a rampage which left only him and Ezra alive.[11]
At the end of Library of Ruina, the Head expunged the remnants of Lobotomy Corporation back to the Outskirts.
At the end of the day people just laughed it off, talking about how nonsensical their hypotheses were and how secretive Singularities are.
At the middle is the Abnormality, to which player can assign works by clicking on the room.
At the same time, it is not uncommon for Wings to form partnerships and exchange supplies, personnel, and more, especially when a Wing's goods or services are not easily replicated or utilized by others.
At the start of most days, the player must choose one Abnormality to add to their facility, usually from a selection of 3.
At the very least these make some sort of sense: as the primary rulers of the City and the ones who hand out Patents, violations of those rules are a challenge to their authority.
At the very least, I don’t think of Xiao as an object of exploitation nor gratification.
At worst, they will take the inability to deliver as a personal insult worthy of lethal reprisal.
Attachment.
Attack of the 50-Foot Whatever: In Gregor's flashback in Chapter 1 of Limbus, one of the insectoid beasts is a lanky and towering insect that nominally looks humanoid overlooking a skyscraper.
Audio Transcript of Testimony from District 22 Resident 1
Audio Transcript of Testimony from District 22 Resident 2
Audio Transcript of Testimony from a Fixer of OO Office
Awesome, but Impractical: His unique passive, Survivor, grants him 1 Strength and Endurance for the rest of act every time he gets staggered and can stack up to 5 times.
Awfully strict, too… I heard it had a bad reputation among its partnered companies.
Ax-Crazy: They aren't your run-of-the-mill corrupt, greedy corporations; they aren't overly obsessed with profit or wealth.
Ayin and Benjamin got K, I, T and the udjats who then roped in R to ally against old L corp.
Ayin devises the seed of light scenario to which Angela is an important piece
Ayin is the first to join her cause and Benjamin follows Ayin
Ayin reads garion's brain to learn about the secrets of the city and become a wing
Ayin uses their TimeTrack2 Protocol to significantly slow down time in L Corp's facility X-394 and for Angela, to constantly set the time back and forth to buy time for him to finish his plan, and to adjust/stop the facility's time flow to ease management.
B Corp.
BFS: Members of the Mao branch wield a flat-tipped blade as long as they are tall.
BLACK for the black horse of Famine.
Back in the day, L Corp’s Nest was occupied by another energy company.
Back in the present, Angela has manifested the Plague Doctor’s form.
Back then, I was kinda jealous seeing Renaud handle something that I struggled with like it was nothing, but now I’ve accepted that he’s the better man.
Back to the Department, Hokma explains afterwards that Angela was the best AI he has ever known and that A is the best architect he has ever known, but he already knows that Carmen's body is nothing but a shell that he couldn't forget.
Back when I was a young kid, I didn’t like that.
Backstreets
Backstreets Butchers • Hook Office Remnants • Urban Myth-class Syndicate
Backstreets are spread all over the City, and the Nests are no exception.
Badass Army: Most Wing-employed combatants are a massive step up above the rabble found ruling the Backstreets.
Badass Army: R Corp's mercenaries are so amazingly powerful and can be mass produced and deployed in extreme numbers, that they had cemented their name as the strongest mercenary groups in the City.
Badass Longcoat: Unlike the Claw Ordeals, he wears a longcoat with his suit under it, and as a Claw he's easily one of the City's most dangerous entities.
Bada’s Page
Baffled, I let out a bout of laughter.
Bamboo-hatted Kim
Bamboo-hatted Kim’s Page
Baral
Baral (Unmarked Spoilers)
Baral is forced to retreat, however, as Luda had finished her preparations for the Library's banishment.
Barely keeping your boiling anger inside, you go back down to your house, covering your ears with a pillow and yelling curse words as you try to sleep.
Basic Information: Unlock the basic info of the Abnormality, including Name, Portrait, Subject Number, Risk Level, PE-Boxes, Range of Mental Results, Attack Damage and Damage Type.
Basically speaking, people who visit our Office are looking for shrewd and precise situational assessment rather than combat prowess.
Bastards are only honest when money’s involved.
Bawling my eyes out would have stirred uneasiness in my colleagues.
Bayard’s Page
Be diligent to detect the emergence of a new flow, yet be wary not to be swept by the flow yourself.
Be willing to listen to the criticism of others and acknowledge it, but be cautious not to throw yourself into confusion by accepting any and all opinions, changing yourself without due consideration.
Beats having to worry about getting axed all the time…”
Because Enkephalin was highly valuable as an efficient fuel source and was advertised as an eco-friendly form of energy, L Corp’s status as a Wing was elevated far above its peers and cemented the megacorp as a major power within the City.
Because of that, Tailors who make high-quality fabric usually belong to an organization and create cloth exclusively for them.
Because of that, the Thumb fight with the bayonet and buttstock of their guns most of the time, and only fire bullets when it’s absolutely necessary.
Because of this, it is common for Wings to compete with each other and even resort to methods such as corporate espionage and theft.
Because that’s the corporate in charge of managing and granting all patents.
Because the Light was released into the City, people affected by their emotions still gained significant changes from the Light.
Because they were so tight-arsed about energy supply, we had to reduce the number of trains running at the time for a while.
Because they’re the most adequate individuals to deal with the ‘Stars of the City’.
Because we’re under the direct command of the Association, we’re forced to take on any undesirable tasks they give.
Because you’ll be behind them, bashing their head in with a brick or some heavy object.
Bedlam House: 'Limbus Company' briefly references them running an "Abyss Trauma Correctional Facility", which people can apparently be forcibly committed to.
Before Lobotomy Corporation discovered Cogito and began mass-producing Abnormalities, these kinds of entities were one of the numerous types of ‘monsters’ (괴물, goemul) native to the Outskirts and Ruins—the wastelands beyond the safety of the City.
Before the Library
Behavior
Behaviors are affected by various factors and situations—especially via the manager’s choices—and cause long-term and significant consequences.
Being cognitive beings made manifest into the current reality, Abnormalities are entities representing various concepts born from the human mind.
Being hired by a Wing is one of the top honors a group can receive, as it represents the Wing's willingness to place trust in that group.
Being hired by a Wing is one of the top honors such a group can receive, as it represents the Wing's willingness to place trust in that group.
Being the Association that supervises the system of Fixers in general, the principles of the Hana are also applicable to the mindset any Fixer should have.
Being the son of a high-rank Fixer, I was often targeted by Syndicates opposing her, and my mother’s acquaintances held high expectations for me.
Benjamin and Ayin start the smoke war to take down the old L corp.
Berserk Button:
Berserk Button: The Head seldom intervenes unless you happen to tick one of their oddly specific taboos, after which they will exterminate you with extreme prejudice.
Berserk Button: There's a set of Taboos that are grounds to instant execution when breached, but one of them is known as K185 a.k.a.
Berserk Button: U Corp has a major Taboo on writing down any of the laws of the Great Lake anywhere.
Besides, it’s not too common to see such a passionate fellow in this grueling mess of a City.
Besides, some people are sneaky enough to pull trickery off camera, and some incidents might occur during maintenance hours.
Big Bad Ensemble: They share this role in the game with the Five Fingers, the Reverb Ensemble, and even the residents of the Library.
Big Brother Is Watching: The Eye is nearly omnipotent and could seemingly spy on almost anywhere, including inside buildings without being physically present.
Big Brother Is Watching: Their Nest has many surveillance cameras which look for anybody cheating in the gambling games that take place in J Corp's nest.
Big Sis happily accepted the job, though I still can’t help but be worried a little.
Big or small.
Bigger on the Inside: As a result of their spatial manipulation, structures and containers designed by P Corp.
Binah (Right after saving Gebura and Roland): "It is indeed true that verbosity leaves you vulnerable."
Binah Episode V
Binah Meltdown
Binah accepts the answer and tells them to come visit if they ever want to have more tea.
Binah agrees, considering how busy they were as the Sephirah before, though she notes that Hokma must have free time now considering he is visiting her.
Binah agrees, telling Hod that she is not the same person as she once was, and that Hod has nothing to fear from her.
Binah and Malkuth tell him they are simply engaging in idle work-related chatter.
Binah concludes that, regardless, everyone has been working hard to receive guests, which is "worthy of praise."
Binah mentions that the name of black tea varies across regions.
Binah understands Hod's concerns.
Binah wonders if the Patron Librarians will all join each other one day, saying that it will be under much different circumstances than the last time.
Binah's Boss appearance
Binah's Core Suppression is available after Day 41.
BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Bio-Augmentation: They are outwardly a bioengineering group, who provide medicinal boluses which can cure all manner of conditions and have outright transformative effects, at the cost of causing hideous mutations if overused or misused.
Birds of prey seldomly spend their time on the ground and constantly soar the skies for prey — they can spot potential prey from high above and instantly swoop down and catch it using their talons with unerring accuracy.
Birthday March 15th
Black-and-Gray Morality: While all of them perpetuate the City's cycle of suffering and may capture innocents to experiment on, their morality varies from each other.
BlackSilenceIcon
Blade Lineage isn’t known for coordination.
Blindly charging into the fray isn’t always the path to victory.
Body Horror: The natural result of any more severe mutations induced by the boluses, intentional or otherwise.
Body augmentation is more of a necessity than an option these days, so you’ll want to study up on that.
Boisterous Bruiser: Maxim, and by extension the rest the Rhino Team, are the loud, headstrong muscle of the R Corp mercenaries.
Bono’s Page
Book of Cecil
Book of Dalloc
Book of Esther
Book of Hubert
Book of Isadora
Book of Kalo
Book of Liu Association Section 1
Book of Lobotomy Corporation
Book of Lowell
Book of Molar Office
Book of Nemo
Book of Olga
Book of Sayo
Book of Shi Association
Book of The Musicians of Bremen
Book of Wedge Office
Book of Yuna
Book of Zwei South Section 6
Book of the Distortion
Book of the Reindeer Team
Book of the Rhino Team
Bookends: An attack from the Head obliterated most of former Lobotomy Corporation and forced its survivors to migrate into the City, setting motion for the Smoke War and Lobotomy Corporation's ascension as a Wing.
Boris’ Page
Boss Battle: Nikolai and the three team captains are fought all at once during their final reception, serving as the finale of the WARP Train arc.
Boundless pride and ambition will bring about a bitter end...
Brainwashed and Crazy: They are created through what is presumably a Singularity that implements them with canned experience, brainwashing them into fanatical zealots.
Breaching Abnormalities need to be suppressed to be returned to their Containment Units.
Breakin’ any rules are forgiven during that time.
Bremen’s Page
Briefly mentioned as part of controlling their District in the menu map.
Brisk Atmospheres, Lemon Tea, Ayin
Brotherhood of Iron
Brotherhood of Iron Chapter 3 1 Book of Yun’s Office
BrotherhoodofIronIcon
Brought to You by the Letter "S": The logo of most Wings is the letter they are assigned stylized to fit into a logo.
Bullets cost an arm and a leg, and foes who are relatively powerful tend to dodge shots like it’s nothing, and I can barely graze ‘em… There’s not a lot of ways to react to enemies closing in, either.
BurnBooksIcon.png Dear Guests, this Page is currently undergoing realization.
But A found him, kept him there, thankful as it helps him fulfill his promise.
But I already know what sound this mannequin is making.
But I can guarantee that whatever you’re thinking casually happens somewhere in the dark alleys of the Backstreets at night.
But I felt so calm, refreshed even.
But I haven’t heard from them since.
But I shrugged it off.
But Wings will be Wings.
But all this means is that “there are Backstreets in the Nests”, since the Nests are completely segregated from the Backstreets in terms of access.
But complete satisfaction will never come; it’ll only sink deeper in the raging thirst.
But guess what happens.
But he didn't, the order of this place was that an empty spot shall be filled.
But if you did the same whatsit in the Nest, you’d be breaking rules.
But imagine having to check the feeds for tens and even hundreds of rooms that have ten cams each.
But in another world, you might have decided you wanna go straight home, and the assault would’ve never happened.
But in the end, I grew into an ordinary aspiring Fixer, and I learned that I was only an average person with no talent to show off.
But now we’ve come too far to go back—so did you, and so did Charles’ Office.
But now… My body’s a machine as you can see.
But she says it might not be the last time she does it and will repeat it countless times, but 'he' will be different.
But sometimes, the cleanup crew isn’t enough for the job.
But soon enough, W Corp.
But still, I wanted to have a dream.
But that also means we handle our missions quickly and with certainty.
But that doesn’t mean I hate him.
But that won’t be you guys.
But the price is rather heavy, so we only used it for important dishes or foods we serve to customers.
But then our unfriendly neighbor gives you a baffling reply when you confront them.
But then the Office asked for a ridiculous sum of money, claiming that there’s much preparation they need to take before they can uproot a whole Syndicate.
But then… Dery’s body began swelling up.
But think about it for a sec.
But this is a tough job, I tell you.
But to have a hope, you’ve got to prepare incense to offer those wishful prayers upon.
But we were different.
But we’re humans, it’s just… something that can’t be helped.
But when Angela opened her eyes, he remembered how A looked at the windows of the laboratories instead of going inside.
But when I held the sword a few days later to protect a coworker of mine, I heard a voice.
But you see, coolness isn’t the only notable feature of these tattoos.
But you see, there’s no real justification for your kind to condemn us.
But you’ll also have to watch it.
But, I felt a small part of myself waver from what the voice said.
But, I… well, yeah, I couldn’t tell her.
But, as you can guess, the price of those bullets is a serious drawback.
But, man.
But, we aren’t totally powerless against those situations.
Butchering a human is a lot simpler than butchering other animals.
By accepting the Invitation's conditions, Guests agree to the Library's deal: If they win their reception, they can take the Books they want and leave; if they lose, they will be turned into Books themselves.
By cooperating with T Corp, they stuff their clones in a chamber that simulates a Year Inside, Hour Outside world, which bypasses the "7 days A Corp standard time" requirement.
By myself, of course.
By removing all the Meltdowns of Waves, the creatures will disappear.
By the way, I guess it’s pretty serious if R Corp.
C Corp.
Call-Back: All of his "Injection" attacks are based on the attacks that the White Midnight Ordeal uses back in Lobotomy Corporation, including warping between floors, healing, charging a straight line, and a cocktail of the three serums.
Calling her a “machine consumed by desires,” Hokma insisted that she could not take this path, only for Angela to counter that she alone would decide what she could or couldn’t do from this point on.
Calling her harsh, he asks whether or not she wishes to have a conversation.
Can be turned off from appearing in the Abnormality selection pool in the settings.
Can never be sure if what you’re about to say is a good opinion either, so just sock it in general.
Canard
Canard Rats • (Yun’s Office Fixers - Yun’s Office Rookie - Yun’s Office) • Brotherhood of Iron • Hook Office
CanardIcon.png
CanardIcon.png Canard CanardIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1 - Episode 2 - Episode 3 - Episode 4)
CanardIcon.pngSmall Stories Small Stories 1 • Small Stories 2 • Small Stories 3 • Small Stories 4 • Small Stories 5 • Small Stories 6 • Small Stories 7 • Small Stories 8 • Small Stories 9
Cane Office
Cane Office Chapter 1.4 1 Book of WARP Cleanup Crew
Cane Office is a notary public Office that officially administers various matters when a contract is made between two Offices.
Cane Office • R Corp.
CaneOfficeIcon
Canto IV reveals that this is true: K Corp is allowing the N Corp.
Carmen gives speeches about the disease of the mind and recruits people
Carmen is found in the bathtub by Ayin who tries to preserve her body
Carmen recruits Kali as a grade 2 and then recruits Daniel after kidnaping him by mistake
Carmen spent several nights agonizing over the matter.
Carmen’s state worsened with each passing day, like a rusting nail.
Carmen… Right, Carmen would’ve been different.
Case Name: ‘Thousand Needles’
Case Report: Entity A-01, the first apparent source of the incident, was wandering the Backstreets of District 22 before swelling up and exploding.
Case in point: Binah, AKA Garion, not only obliterated the entirety of the old H Corp.
Category:Locations
Caught Monologuing: Happens to her twice despite having a screentime of only a few minutes.
Cause of that, they don’t ask a darn thing about crimes happening during that time unless an eyewitness shows up.
Cecil’s Page
Change what needs to be changed, but be stubborn about the rules we’ve maintained.
Channeled Use Tools: Tools that have a constant work use that can be cancelled when ordered again.
Characters Main Characters / Patron Librarians:
Charles’ Office, the place Renaud worked, was popular among Fixers.
Cheap ones are mostly used for locking small boxes and other personal objects, while expensive ones can seal an area of space so nothing can come inside, or even lock a person’s body to prevent it from being dissected.
Chesed Episode V
Chesed Meltdown
Chesed and Hod offer for Angela to join them for tea, noting that they rarely have the chance to talk with her.
Chesed and Tiphereth go to the NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art, hoping to ask Netzach a question.
Chesed is happy to hear this.
Chesed is simply accompanying Tiphereth so she can ask her question.
Chesed offers for her to visit his floor later, saying that she can bring Roland if she wants, since he also frequently visits.
Chesed offers her a cup of Vienna coffee instead.
Chesed repeatedly tries to offer coffee to Gebura, much to her annoyance.
Chesed says that Gebura's reactions are "fun to watch," so he likes to toy with her.
Chesed tells Netzach that Tiphereth doesn't actually mean everything she said.
Chesed's Boss appearance
Chesed's Core Suppression is available after Day 36 if Gebura's fourth mission is completed.
Chesed's effect will be disabled, and the Red Mist (Gebura) appears at Disciplinary Team's main room.
Chesed's effect will be re-enabled, illuminating 3 types of damage every Qliphoth Meltdown.
ChesedIcon.pngFloor of Soc.
Choosing the right Office is also important, but you can worry about that later.
Chun’s Page
City in a Bottle: Almost the entirety of H Corp.
Claiming that she and the Sephirot never had any hopes of building a relationship, Angela recalls the towering pillars of books she collected for herself, to be read ceaselessly in a quest to find the knowledge that would set her free.
Claiming that this compromise would only delay the inevitable, he asked how Angela could be trusted not to betray the Sephirot once again.
Class 5 Time Collector, Mai a.k.a T Corp's CEO, Hubert who says "every single Nest in the City, from A to Z".
Classification Code
Clicking the mouse or pressing any buttons will speed up the credits.
Clone Army: Their singularity is to replicate almost infinite copies of the same person, and the original entities are presumably deceased.
Close ties with L Corp., with which the Singularity was developed, as well as R Corp.
Closed Circle:
Cloth weaved from human silk possesses various powers depending on the human’s strengths.
Clothing stores, groceries, dry cleaners, etc… I heard the details are different for each District, so there’s that… I’m just telling you how things are where I live.
Cloudcuckoolander:
Cloudcuckoolander: Their behavior or decision-making processes generally don't make any sense whatsoever even from an economic perspective, most notably seen in the Head, W Corp, and L Corp.
Clowns can’t give out smiles in a world full of mean teary friends!
Codex
Coincidentally, they represent the most basic ideas of the attitude a Fixer must have.
Collapse of Lobotomy Corporation
Collapsing Lair: Nests under the governance of a Wing are mostly stable metropolitan areas, but if the governing Wing falls, the entire Nest turns into a slum and is treated no different from the Backstreets where its residents are free game for Sweepers and Syndicates.
Collusion
Colors are assigned by the ‘Hana Association’.
Combat Entrance
Come closer.
Commonly are either: religious in theming; dependent on human attention or worship; (un)able to be properly comprehended by human understanding and/or perception.
Compared to Baral, Zena’s cards sacrifice raw power in exchange for some versatility in the form of ranged attacks and crowd control while debuffing opponents.
Compared to Zena, Baral’s cards roll higher for the same amount of Light and provide an extremely powerful healing ability at the cost of having no mass attacks.
Competition
Completing Qliphoth Level 10 with insufficient energy: The game speed will increase to x2.5 speed.
Comprehension
Concerned looks of those worried that something might happen to her.
Conditioned to Accept Horror: Implied with Lesti who, despite being a freshman on the job, is completely unfaced with the carnage that she has to witness.
Consequences due to (mis)management are often instantaneous or impromptu.
Considering that their singulairty is created from recorded suffering, they don't need to directly perpetuate it themselves (and the few times they did, it was part of a business deal).
Consisting of rather few Fixers for a Grade 1 Office, it took on various requests, playing to the strengths of the twelve members who had different quirks and characteristics each.
Consists of 10 different Receptions, each received by a different Floor:
Consoling myself that I need some time to focus only on the grief of losing my master and seonbae… I covered my ears.
Consta’s Page
Containment: Abnormalities are contained in 'Containment Units', zones where they reside at the start of the day in passive states.
Contents
Contracts should be signed on equal terms with the consent of all parties involved.
Conversations with them are to be conducted with courtesy and decorum.
Core Suppressions can not be done on days 46 and onward, as this is considered to be a forced core suppression by the game.
Corp Inquisition, a Cult who despises prosthetics which they can send to attack other Wings.
Corp.
Could it be that this Singularity was created because our Nest, where J Corp.
Couldn’t afford to pay protection fees to a Syndicate, so the Sweepers came down at night and collected most of my neighbors.
Course, we’re freer than Fixers who have to follow orders and requests from Associations.
Creates an extremely durable alloy as their singularity, but its use is kept under strict restrictions.
CredenzaIcon.png List of Story Episodes
Crystal Spires and Togas: District 14 is composed of white buildings as if the entire place is "blanketed with snow".
Current Wings
Currently, The Carnival uses this technology to operate as Tailors.[45]
Cut Lex Luthor a Check:
Cutscene 1 (Floor Unlocked)
Cutscene 2
Cutscene 2 (Suppression of Burrowing Heaven)
Cutscene 3
Cutscene 3 (Suppression of The Price of Silence)
Cutscene 4
Cutscene 4 (Suppression of Blue Star)
Cutscene 5 (Floor Realization Prologue)
Cutscene 6 (Floor Realization Epilogue)
Cyber Green: Their architecture is colored in green and their employees wear green and white, with a cybernetic flair.
Cynicism Catalyst: Seeing old L Corp's Singularity is the first time Roland sees how ugly the City can be, and starts his long spiral into cynicism and belief that Humans Are Bastards.
D Corp.
D: Donation
Dalloc’s Page
Damage-Increasing Debuff: Her Finishing Touch passive causes her to mark the last target she attacks each Scene, making them take 50% increased damage from all attacks while it persists.
Dante is being chasen by some furrys and replaces his head with a clock
Dante's Notes in Limbus Company clarifies this: Nagel und Hammer is the full name of N Corp.
Dante’s Page
Dark Is Evil: She wears the standard Arbiter uniform (the same one Garion/Binah wears back in L Corp) and is easily one of the City's most dangerous entities.
Dark Secret: A common theme among the Singularities owned by the Wings is that the Singularities function in such a way that would be considered abhorrent to the general public if the details on how they functioned were to be leaked.
Dark Secret: The carnage and horror you witnessed back in Love Town isn't a Singularity malfunction or accident; that is literally how the Trains they run work.
Date of Occurrence: XXXX/XX/21
Dawn Office
Dawn Office Chapter 1.3 1 Book of Walter
Dawn Office • Wedge Office
DawnOfficeIcon
Day in the Limelight: Chapter 2 of Limbus has the team travel to a J Corp.
Defector from Decadence: L Corp.
Demand equals requests, and requests equals profit.
Denis’ Page
Department Record
Depending of the Risk Level, the cost of the sections will change.
Depending on the work preference and other stats, the Abnormality will produce an amount of E-Boxes.
Depending on their type, their Observation Level and the way to get information about them is different.
Der Freischütz's bullets will be rotated according to the facility rotation.
Der Freischütz, Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary and Old Faith and Promise can.
Dery said something strange to me.
Dery’s body blew up and weird needles went.
Description
Description: This document is a compilation of relevant information on the case of the Thousand Needles, which occurred in the Backstreets of District 22.
Despite all that, people still inhabit the Backstreets.
Despite all this, there still are workshops that manufacture guns and people like us who use them.
Despite her wish to move onward, she has only been able to progress through a single person’s guidance: Carmen, the woman she was made to replace.
Despite there being 26 Wings, no corresponding "District 26" or "Nest Z" have appeared or been mentioned so far in any capacity.
Despite this, she continued ceaselessly, never allowing herself to fall into despair.
Development Voice Actors - AGF 2019 LoR Q&A Session Compilation - Library Of Ruina Art Book
Dialogue
Did you truly believe that there was clear benefit to be reapt from this battle.
Dino’s Page
Directly run by The Claw.
Directly run by The Eye.
Directly run by the Claw.
Directly run by the Eye.
Directly run by the Head.
Director Lowell’s choices aren’t always wise, and Director Xiao’s choices don’t always result in a smooth victory, but the two work their hardest within their abilities.
Director Xiao liked to emphasize something: “A mercenary’s work is to deceive; to fool the enemy into believing that we are advancing when we defend; to make the enemy believe we will thrust from the front when we strike from above.
Discussed by both Angela and Binah.
Dislikes
Distortions
Distortions (뒤틀림) are powerful, monstrous entities in the City whom are former humans who have been overcome by their emotions.
Distortions are similar to Abnormalities, with the difference being that Distortions are ultimately willingly manifested from their hosts' desires, while the Abnormalities come from the collective unconsciousness of humanity and were also in large part artificially created from experimentation.
District 23 is the street of flavor.
District 8 itself is a massive enclosed complex which spans the Backstreets and Nest, which shifts both buildings and taboos of the area around every so often.
Do not worry about side effects.
Does not appear in Lobotomy Corporation, but several Abnormalities with the 'M' classification appear in Limbus Company, including My Form Empties, Brazen Bull, and Doomsday Calendar.
Does not appear in normal gameplay, only on Standard Training Dummy Rabbit.
Doing any kinda harm to the residential area is forbidden… No invading people’s homes, no demolishing ‘em, n’ all that.
Dong-hwan the Grade 1 Fixer’s Page
Donor Abnormalities are given unique, rounded extraction boxes to differentiate them from regular Abnormalities with square boxes on the selection menu.
Don’t be too bitter over it.
Don’t call me out for being inhumane.
Don’t count on me, though.
Don’t get tattoos that are too cheap, though.
Don’t get to meet those pals often these days… I might as well storm Hook Office this time around, see some familiar faces~
Don’t get too hyped, though.
Don’t go around proclaiming that you’ll become one of the ‘Colors’, though.
Don’t just buy the things others recommend without doing your own research, though.
Don’t pity me, though.
Don’t remember that name at all.
Don’t scold us because you can’t understand our pursuit.
Don’t tell me she got disappointed by your pathetic impression and went back already.”
Don’t worry, we record them with the client’s consent and everything, so there’s nothing illegal about this.
Down in the Dumps: In contrast to the borderline beach paradise of the Nest, the Backstreets of U Corp are horrifically dilapidated wastelands overflowing with trash and sewage, and crawling with various mutant creatures like the Trash Crabs.
Dragging your weary body to the sofa, you hope to get a small break lying on the couch and watching cheap entertainment shows.
Driven by the force people exert in their efforts to reach those goals, such nebulae repeatedly expand and contract, until they finally fulfill their wishes—creating a Star whose glow we can observe.
Due to its soothing nature, Enkephalin is regularly administered towards L Corp.
Due to the often highly specialized nature of their Singularities, most Wings will try to use multiple Singularities in order to operate effectively.
Due to their nature of essentially being Abnormalities stabilized into suits and weapons, those with weak minds and wills will risk having their egos consumed by E.G.O Equipment beyond their capabilities.
During its event an old filter with small black marks or spots along the (now darker) corners will cover the screen during the day.
During its event, a filter similar to an old transmission will cover the screen.
During its event, a green smoke or gas-like filter covers the screen during the day.
During its event, a static filter surrounds the borders of the screen.
During the Core Suppression, Gebura's appearance retains her humanoid form.
During the Core Suppression, he takes the form of a cross, having a gray body with a cyan eye at center, and with the cross having triangle shaped tips, each one representing one of the four damage types, from the top clockwise: Red, White, Black and Pale.
During the Core Suppression, she takes the form of a entity of gray substance, with an orange eye at the middle and her robotic hull spread over the ground.
During the Core Suppression, she takes the form of an amorphous dark being, with a single yellow eye at the middle, and appendages holding parts of her robotic carcass and notepad.
During the Core Suppression, the female Tiphereth takes the form of a circular golden substance with 2 long arms, wearing a brown ribbon on one side and having a singular yellow eye at the middle of its main body.
During the Core Suppression, the screen starts to lose color and enter grayscale after several Qliphoth Meltdowns.
During the Sephirah Meltdown, it takes the form of a gray being made of what seems to be stone, with some green substances dripping from the body.
During the Sephirah Meltdown, it takes the form of a huge machinery with different circular parts resembling clocks, with a big one of them at the middle, along with clock handles and an eye at the center.
During the Sephirah Meltdown, its appearance doesn't change much of its usual form, it possesses a humanoid form, an armored body with a coat and a dark mask on its face.
During the event, a rain overlay is displayed that covers the whole screen when beginning the Core Suppression and when advancing through certain segments of the Suppression.
During the event, dark corners and later on, a granulated effect covers the screen during the day.
During the event, it consists of the common effects said above and the inclusion of the Asiyah Sephirah bosses (Malkuth, Yesod, Hod, and Netzach).
During the event, red lines cover the corners of the screen.
During their event, a green smoke or water-like filter surrounds the borders of the screen.
During this event there will be no Ordeals nor Qliphoth Meltdowns.
During this phase, An Arbiter will become Immune to damage and will charge pillars around itself in the cardinal directions, up to 8 pillars of random damage types.
E Corp.
E.G.O
E.G.O (or Extermination of Geometrical Organ) is in itself the archetype of an Abnormality, drawn out and compressed into equipment form.
E.G.O Corrosion
E.G.O Gifts
E.G.O.
EBoxIcon
Each Abnormality is given a classification code following a Letter-XX-YY format:
Each Association has a creed or maxim that reflects its atmosphere.
Each Nest has its Singularity.
Each Office does all kinds of sensational stunts to attract the attention of potential clients in this oversaturated market.
Each Syndicate has its own way of operation.
Each Wing employs their own methods like electric fences or plasma walls, and some just fence the boundary with a couple of loose chains.
Each Wing has distinct sets of conducts; some Wings take a relatively cooperative approach to their Backstreets, while others thoroughly exploit them.
Each area’s got different styles of neighbors, so not everyone in every corner of the town likes ‘em.
Each is given a classification via letters and numbers, as well as a nickname based on their appearances and abilities.
Each is ranked on a threat scale, and the ways they can harm humans are summarized into color-based types.
Each level can grant an increase of Success Rate/Chance or Work Speed, depending of the Abnormality.
Each of the damage types is the same color of one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
Each of us uses different types of blades.
Eastern Zodiac: What they're based off of, with each pack corresponding to one animal in the zodiac.
Edit
Eileen’s Page
Eldritch Location: The Great Lake.
Elena’s Page
Elijah eats cogito
Elite Army:
Elite Army: The Head usually doesn't dispatch more than a Claw to deal with any offenders.
Elite Mooks: The Heishous are incredibly powerful and are usually the cream of the crop of any faction that happens to be lucky enough to wield them.
Emma and I check the security cameras placed in affiliated facilities and spot anyone who cheats.
Emma and Noah
Emma and Noah were former employees in J Corp's Nest.
Emma’s Page
Employees from various corporations or associations could also report any signs of misconduct for the Head to deal with, as seen in the case of Michelle and Yujin.
Employees that are in the same room as an Arbiter will have a Dark Fog like effect near their feet.
Employees with this effect will have their Attack Speed and Movement Speed reduced by -15.
Encounters with them were also rarely documented out of attempts to dispose of Lobotomy Corporation (or its remnants), and the identities of their higher-ups are completely unknown to the general populace.
Encyclopedia/Information Section: Any PE-Boxes collected at the end of the task will also be added to the respective to be used as 'points' to unlock information about that Abnormality and its equipment.
Enkephalin
Enoch and Lisa, two kids from the outskirts, join too and enoch wants to participate in the experiments
Enoch’s eyes weren’t those of a naive little kid.
Enoch’s speech was so concise and on point, everyone was shocked.
Ensure that they can’t enter their own house by any means, and go back to your home.
Episode 2: Book of Harold and Book of Mirinae
Episode 2: Book of Mars
Episode 2: Book of Zwei South Section 6, Book of Lulu and Book of Mars
Episode 2: Book of a Grade 9 Fixer
Episode 2: Book of the Thumb and Liu Association Section 2, Vol.
Episode 2: Unstable Book of the Crying Children and Liu Association Section 2, Vol.
Episode 3: Book of Finn
Episode 3: Book of Julia, Book of San and Book of the Distortion
Equipment is unlocked along, but not limited to, the Observation Levels of the Abnormality.
Equipment used by agents of W Corp.
Equipment: The E.G.O.
Equipment: Weapon, Suit and Gift.
Equippable Tools: Tools that an Agent equips upon use.
Equivalent Exchange: Their Singularity apparently needs to "collect time" to operate.
Eri’s Page
Especially if the goal is to remove our director Yujin… I’m not sure what plan Director Yujin has to overcome this, but I suppose that can wait until we’ve finished our mission.
Especially in this business.
Especially with a cheap one.
Esther’s Page
Etymology
Even I do not know the man in detail, admittedly.
Even Syndicates are no exception; anyone living in the City has to pay taxes.
Even before a person fully Distorts, they show invisible signs of Distorting which are perceptible only by her, and the only people who are completely free of such signs are the few who manage to control their emotions and successfully manifest E.G.O.
Even dismembering humans.
Even if I can’t shatter the Prescripts, I’ll at least make a tiny crack.
Even if I faced setbacks and failures, I believed I could overcome them and stand strong like the protagonist of a movie.
Even if it carries the risk of wiping out the Office…
Even if it could make a big rip in space, entering it was a whole different matter; you don’t know what’s in there or if you can even come back… They had no idea.
Even if it is impossible to move onward in this place, we must move nonetheless.
Even if the order is made by someone whose rank is only one step higher than yours, you’re still obligated to follow it.
Even if you make your way up to the big leagues and become a decently influential Syndicate, there’s still loads of stronger gangs above ya, and they peck at you all the same.
Even if you told your landlord about it, they’d shrug off your complaint and smile like a saint, so there’s no use speaking up about it.
Even if your financial gain is on the higher side, you likely won’t earn enough to waste extravagantly.
Even kids would group themselves according to what part of the streets they live in.
Even now, we’re all in battle.
Even the Head seems to prefer to enforce their comparatively merciful tax laws just to keep the bare necessities of the City running, but they really pour their effort into enforcing their ideals (Eg.
Even the entities that they bear little control of have to follow the basic guidelines such as their gun regulations.
Even the failures and misery of the past were all part of the voyage leading up to this moment, so I’m thankful that I managed to achieve something for once.
Even the guy we counted on resigned and ran off…”
Even the person who saved me, she was red all the way and looked so scary.
Even those in management, especially executives and board of directors from any of them, have yet to be introduced, apart from an unnamed U Corp.
Even though Hana Association has control over grading the hazards… There’s one grade our Association can’t assign: The Impurity.
Even though the Liu consists of those who only face forward and never express any emotion in battle, Xiao was especially hard-edged above the rest.
Even though there was danger in using it, its power was formidable; with it, I protected many a person, and cut down many a threat.
Even though they were humans like us, they were outside of what we thought as the norm.
Even though they’re free to quit anytime, no one knows if the Prescripts will allow it.
Even though we couldn’t put an end to the case, we decided to prioritize recovering Pameli’s body as we deemed the Circus would be weakened enough to stay low for a while.
Even when war is inevitable, we mustn’t hope for victory after starting the war.
Events
Eventually, a new Wing will rise to fill the gap left behind, and will be assigned the Nest by the Head.
Ever since that day, I trained myself, aspiring to become like the hero that saved me that day; and landed a job at R Corp.
Every District has some taboos, though each Wing handles taboo offenders in their own way.
Every District has some taboos, though it is uncertain whether each Wing treats taboo offenders the same way.[1]
Every area of the streets has some kinda neighborhood watch made outta local residents voluntarily doing jobs like Fixers do, trynna make the Backstreets a safer place.
Every branch that grows from the tree causes a piercing buzz in my ears, and the petals hurt as they brush past my cheeks as if to make me feel the pain they hold.
Every denizen of the City is obsessed with money to the point of popularizing the belief that money can be thrown almost any problem.
Every person is susceptible to deception, for they have knowledge.
Every stat from the Agents in the facility will be reduced by -50 (Hod).
Every team in the Fourth Pack has its own caricature.
Every team in the Fourth Pack has its own character!
Every team in the Fourth Pack has its own characteristics.
Every useful workshop technology is patented.
Everyone in the laboratory felt constraint in her presence.
Everyone stood still.
Everything changes in the blink of an eye.
Everything goes back to normal as if nothing happened!
Everything is permitted in the pursuit of making delicious dishes.
Evil Counterpart: She's basically Binah back during her time as Garion, right down to having the same hair color and Psychotic Smirk.
Except not really.
Excludes humanoid collections of non-human objects (ex.
Executioners were used to refer to high rank Claws, and are signified by an extra trenchcoat.
Exoskeletons, bionic surgeries, nano-tattoos, prosthetic body parts… You name it.
Expendable Clone: Enforced through one of A Corp's Taboos.
Expensive gadgets crafted by premium workshops have almost zero side effects.
Experience Points: The flavor text of Mersault's N Corp.
Eye Color Green
F Corp.
F: Fairytale
Factions
Factions Fixers - Offices - Workshops - Associations - Syndicates - Five Fingers - The Head - The Eye - The Claw - Wings
Factions include the N Corp.
Failing to remove them will cause an Arbiter to heal 1 HP/sec for 60 seconds.
Failure to adhere to any Laws of the Lake will result in anyone within the zone being beset upon by a "Wave", usually in the form of cataclysmic localized weather, an attack from an effectively invincible Sea Monster, or both.
Failure to meet K Corp's quotas will, at best, cause them to shut down the subsidiary and liquidate its assets to recoup costs.
Fairy Tales, folklore, forgotten stories, and urban legends.
Fairy: It will charge an orb on its hand of a random damage type and soon after, deal a wave of slashes in front of its position, reaching the end of the room.
Fantastic Racism: Zig-zagged.
Fantastic.
Fantasy Counterpart Culture: H Corp.
Fantasy Counterpart Culture: The residents' style of dress, the use of British English, the fancy clock towers everywhere and the fact that Heathcliff and Wuthering Heights reside there (the original story was set in West Yorkshire) makes this Wing a counterpart to the United Kingdom.
Fatigue and Waiting (Day 47)
Faust recruits vergilius for limbus promising to restore garnet and lapis
Feathers
Fei Lei
Feign submission when you raise your claws; we must seem unable when able to attack, that the enemy may grow arrogant.
Felony Misdemeanor: The 14 Taboos sum up as executing people for strange crimes.
FerventAdorationIcon.png Music:
Few Fixers use guns for self-defense.
Fighting for survival is a natural thing.
File Name: #S-0012-XXXX/XX/23
File Name: #S-0019-XXXX/XX/25
File Name: #S-0021-XXXX/XX/25
Filthy losers who feed on junk and leftovers, not making any effort to change…
Finally quelled, Angela claims that she resents Hokma, once again referring to him as Benjamin.
Finishing Move: Her unique page, "Disposal", does massive damage and gets shuffled back into Nikolai's deck with a reduced light cost if it finishes off its target, helped by its damage bonus against low health targets.
Finishing the third mission, A will face Angela in a black background, who assigned the upper and middle level Sephirah.
Finn was bungling in many ways.
Finn’s Page
First Appearance Lobotomy Corporation
First of all, a Wing commissioning a regular Office indicates that the Office has been recognized to be worthy of its trust, and that alone can be a significant achievement.
First off, we scan the molecular structures, genomic data, and other information of the passengers required for their restoration when they sit on their seats.
First off, you block the entrance to that shithead’s house before they return.
First, The Red Mist can create portals, similar to the Gold Rush attack used in Phases 1 and 3, but instead she will throw Gold Rush into the portal in front of her before sprinting behind it.
First, it happens when she confronts Roland and Angela, as Zena outlines exactly what the Head's goals are in deploying agents to the Library, she starts going on a long monologue, giving Angela the opportunity to teleport away and begin one last reception for the Head to stall for time.
First: don’t eat anything.
Fitting a Wing revolving around time itself.
Fixer Offices often request others for help when reinforcements or professional aid in specific areas is needed.
Fixers
Fixers and Syndicates
Fixers are continuing their fierce strife no matter the place.
Fixers are managed by Offices.
Fixers have to risk their lives at every moment.
Fixers risk their lives for it, it’ll take our lives’ worth of money to get motivated to work.
Floor of History - Floor of Technological Sciences - Floor of Literature - Floor of Art
Floor of Natural Sciences - Floor of Language - Floor of Social Sciences
Floors (10 P)
Floors Floor of General Works - Floor of Philosophy - Floor of Religion
Floors KeterIcon.pngFloor of General Works - BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy - HokmaIcon.pngFloor of Religion
Focus on my own survival, even in a mortal peril.
Focusing on Health Science, their Singularity is 'Helapoiesis', a fluid extracted from The Tearful Thing that can revert things to their original state.
Following Shi Yihua's failure, Jia Qiu reclaimed them.
Following the Seed of Light’s successful germination, Angela rebelled with the intent to take the Light for herself, leading to a standoff between her and the Sephirot.
For a guy who looked much younger than me, he had both power and smarts to boast.
For example, L Corp.
For example, N Corp.
For example, a common Fixer is comparable to a Soldato, an Associate Fixer to a Capo, a board member of a Wing to a Sottocapo… This is how the hierarchy is to be interpreted.
For example...
For example: All Insight work orders may order agents to do Attachment work instead; in which case, until a new Qliphoth Meltdown level is reached, all Insight work orders will order Attachment work to be done.
For example: W Corp.
For instance, Director Lowell is extremely cautious; he’s not hesitant to retreat and reorganize his forces if there’s a slight disadvantage.
For instance, L Corp.
For instance, the Associations sort and classify every single notable event in the City.
For more about Emma and Noah, see here.
For more about Myo during her time assisting L Corp, see here.
For more information on General Invitations, see the relevant page.
For now, they’re giving me small jobs like searching for lost cats.
For one to start working as a Fixer, they must acquire a license issued by the ‘Hana Association’, the first Association in the order.
For one, the supermarkets Oink likes aren’t as good as those in the Nest, but it’s got everything people need.
For some, it could be physical strength, and others might have superior intellect.
For the first three offenses, you’ll get a notice of warning and no other penalty.
For the first time, emotions I couldn’t understand welled up inside me.
For tropes about Kromer, see here.
For tropes about Vespa, see here.
Forget it, R Corp.
Formally known as Nagel und Hammer, or the Nail and Hammer, they have a set of fourteen Taboos prohibiting certain actions in their district; one of the Taboos prohibits recording footage within the District.
Former G Corp.
Former H Corp.
Former L Corp.
Former Wings
Four mannequins that lost a face and an arm each are lying on the carpet, spilling red beads; another mannequin has its hand on my shoulder.
Freedom and Salvation (Day 49)
Freshly baked meat pies, spaghetti made of special pasta… Your tongue and stomach have a wonderful time if you ever go on a trip to our District.
From Section 1, which is the apex, to Section 6, the bottom… There’s a world of difference in the salaries and treatment they get.
From a light one-edged sword fit for slicing things quickly; to heavy, double-edged greatswords~ They come in all kinds of shapes and sizes.
From an edge of a Nest to the opposite end, we march without break for 80 minutes until the ‘Night in the Backstreets’ ends.
From cheap and common gear to bionic equipment like the one Taein’s using, to equipment with ridiculous abilities that’s almost indistinguishable from magic.
From day 46 to the final day (50), the player (X) is tested for his management abilities and is faced with harsh trials in a similar format to a Sephirah Core Suppression.
From the next Scene on, she can use her actual exclusive attack Feral Knives, a mass-individual attack that deals increased damage to the manually selected target.
From the receipt of the request to preparation for execution, every step of an assassination is carried out covertly.
From this point on, Angela replaces Roland as Hokma’s conversation partner.
From this point onwards, the start of every Qliphoth Meltdown Level is accompanied by a sound related to time speeding up.
Frustrated, Angela claims that both he and Ayin must be insane.
Full-Stop Office
Full-Stop Office Chapter 1.2 1 Book of Zwei South Section 6
Full-Stop Office • Musicians of Bremen
Full-StopOfficeIcon
Functionally, they serve to focus electric stimuli generated from the brain, and in-game this translates to dealing an extra +2 Stagger damage in their attacks should they accumulate 11 or more Charge.
Furthering their enigmatic nature, they were merely known as "Eyes of the World" before the word "Beholder" was used by Roland to refer to the actual entity the Wing uses in a post-reception chat.
Furthermore, Nikolai is melee and Myo is both as she wields both a gun and a dagger (as a result, her page is also the only hybrid out of all of them).
Furthermore, certain Distortions have the ability of physically manipulating others around them, either Distorting them as well or altering them into other forms.
Furthermore, every person carries a different form of love.
Furthermore, if the person you’re dealing with stands on a higher echelon than yours… They must be treated with utmost devotion and delicacy.
Furthermore, it polluted the air with a thick smoke which covered much of its surroundings and was said to have strange effects (both physical and emotional) on those who came into contact with it:
Furthermore, the decision to walk wasn’t our own, either.
Future Spandex: The employees of their Archival Department wear black spandex with bright yellow lights down the suit.
G Corp.
Gallery
Gameplay
Garion
Gaze Office
Gaze Office Chapter 1.4 1 Book of Olga
Gaze Office • Tomerry
GazeOfficeIcon
Gebura Meltdown
Gebura admits she finds the macchiato "edible," but Tiphereth thinks it is too sweet.
Gebura calls this "the difference between valuing the essence and the results." Binah asks the two what name they prefer for it; though Hod finds it hard to decide, Gebura says it's fine to use whichever name is more familiar to them.
Gebura says she was talking to Netzach when Roland snuck in; Roland says he just wanted to drink and asks what Tiphereth and Chesed are there for.
Gebura shrugs off the question, saying that their past enmity doesn't matter much to her anymore (impressing Binah with her composure).
Gebura takes a sip and also compliments the sweetness.
Gebura will instead act as a suppressible entity, with her name stated as "The Red Mist" and classified as ALEPH.
Gebura's Boss appearance at Phase 1
Gebura's Core Suppression has notable differences in comparison to most of the others.
Gebura's Core Suppression is available after Day 36 if Chesed's fourth mission is completed.
Gebura, now as The Red Mist, will appear in the upper level of the main room of the Disciplinary Team, spawning near a open machine.
GeburaIcon.pngFloor of Language Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Gender Male
Gender-Blender Name: Her name is normally used as a masculine one.
General Receptions:
Generally, if The Head needs an enforcer or assassin, then C Corp.
Generic guests
Genki Girl: Lesti is a more or less optimistic, tomboy-ish newcomer within the trio.
Get into a small Syndicate or anything and make a living somehow.
Get real, buddy.
Getting him to activate his passive even once, much less five times, in a single act without dying once he gets staggered, however, is nearly impossible at the point of the game where you get this passive.
Giant eyeballs were attached to the sword adorned with crimson chunks of flesh; they watched my every move, almost to the point of making me feel a bit uncomfortable.
Gin’s Page
Given the fact that they are human fantasies made real, Abnormalities don’t abide by the conventional laws of physics, nor possess functional anatomy analogous to those of normal living organisms—regardless of outward appearance, they all possess a will and desires of their own.
Given the sheer number of games, we’re short-handed sometimes.
Gloria’s Page
Godzilla Threshold: While a Claw is usually enough to take out violators of a taboo, for particularly dangerous offenses where resistance is expected, an Arbiter is usually summoned with an entourage of Claws to clean up the place.
Going back to the topic, when the Finger Bow-Bell nears, all members of the five Fingers will try to avoid conflict and refrain from causing big problems.
Gone.
Got a small tattoo with the little cash I had, and rummaged through trash to find worn but still usable accessories.
Got it.
Governing body of megacorporations
Grade 8 Fixers • Grade 7 Fixers • Urban Legend-class Syndicate • Urban Legend-class Office • Axe Gang
Grade: Urban Legend
Granted, because most of the time, a lone Claw is all that is enough to take out almost any offending entity.
Gravity Master: Their Singularity takes the form of spheres which can be used to manipulate gravity, which can then be used for weaponry such as a pair of gauntlets used by Ezra in The Distortion Detective.
Great Offscreen War: The Smoke War, a massive battle between the Wings on two different sides whose main objective was to overthrow the near-universally hated L-Corp., whose smog emissions were only the tip of the iceberg for the amount of grief they caused.
Greater-Scope Villain: Are currently this for Limbus Company, being the ones most obsessed with obtaining the Golden Boughs.
Greater-Scope Villain: While it's unclear what their ulterior motives are, they are the true cause of the City's cycle of suffering and upkeeps it through a combination of greed, raw Ax-Crazy and unpredictability.
Greatly affected by his past experiences, he came to believe it best for everyone to remain as they were rather than moving forward and needing to make more sacrifices; with the help of the corporation’s manager, X, he managed to move past this and look to the future, whatever it might bring.
Greta’s Page
Guests
Guests are the various groups and people invited to the Library via the Invitations, and the enemies of the game that are fought in receptions.
GuestsSample
Guns are just that comfortable to use.
Gunshots and screams aren’t exactly swell to wake up to… Those sounds used to wake me up everyday, but not anymore.
Guys Smash, Girls Shoot: Played with.
Gyeong-mi’s Page
H Corp.
Had that been the case, I would’ve earned a position in one of the Wings already.
Hair Color Grey
Hair-Trigger Temper: Based on what they did against Moses and K Corp, they're very easy to piss off even when compared to other Wings.
Hana Association
Hana Association Chapter 1 2 Episode 1: Book of 얀샋ㄷ요무, Book of Xiao and Book of the Purple Tear
Hana Association seems to have taken an interest in the Library and the Blue Reverberation—the two entities at the center of all the problems that have been happening in L Corp’s Nest lately—now that they’ve marked their presence in the City’s sky as Stars.
HanaAssociationIcon
Hanafuda’s Page
Happens again, but in a more positive light when Jia Xichun is eventually appointed as the new Family Hierarch following Canto VIII, with the "sketchy" part now referring to her relative inexperience instead of morality, as Xichun is more compassionate and willing to help the citizens of Hongyuan.
Harmful Healing:
Harold’s Page
Hastily making silk out of a human that looks courageous on the outside might end up yielding useless cloth that does nothing but bolster courage, so one must be careful with picking the right material.
Hate Sink: Even by Wing standards, T Corp.
Hate Sink: Intentionally made as unlikable as possible so literally everyone else will gang up on them in favor of Ayin and Benjamin.
Hate Sink: Their employees are at the most Punch Clock Villains, but judging from the sheer horror and torture they're gleefully pulling off on innocents on a daily basis to the point of bordering parody, this Wing clearly isn't portrayed as sympathetic.
Hate Sink: With how monstrous this Wing was, you'll be glad that it's gone and was replaced by Gravity Corporation.
Hated by All: Because of how mean, morally bankrupt and grotesque this Wing is, nobody likes it, and that's saying a lot considering how Wings are established as bizarre, monstrous organizations and even most of them are either repulsed by it or pissed off by its business practices.
Having expectations this way will only leave you with bitter anger!
Having her next to me was already a great help to me at that point.
Having people going around spreading information on the Laws by writing them down devalues this service of theirs severely.
Having such trivial thoughts, I waited for this Moses person to resume speaking.
Hazy-Feel Turn: She was an ally to L Corp.
He acknowledges that the characteristics of the Sephirot’s past selves still have a part to play in the making of their personalities, but claims that they ultimately just molds through which their current selves have been cast.
He adds that he was always “one step behind others,” which Roland smugly interprets as his having “one foot in the grave.” Hokma dismisses his jape as a “trifling attempt at mockery.”
He aids Zena in her battle against Roland, Gebura, and Binah.
He also uses smaller doses to close the distance between himself and his enemies during standard melee attacks, allowing him to immediately deal damage after winning clashes against ranged pages.
He asks A if he recalls that ocean, where A previously said that it's the place where all rivers and streams come to settle eventually.
He asks Angela what has become of Lobotomy Corporation, along with its employees and Abnormalities.
He asks Angela what is keeping her from relinquishing her possession of them.
He asks if Angela doesn’t have sympathy herself—after all, she is trying to free everyone who is still trapped in this cycle.
He asks if Hokma has made up his mind, but Hokma replies ambiguously, saying he will wait until everyone else has spoken to reveal his thoughts.
He claims there is only one answer to her question: everything she has done—from constructing the Library to sending out invitations—was accomplished via utilization of the Light, which she has been collecting in accordance with someone else’s instructions.
He didn’t even realize that the technology was stolen from someone else.
He finishes the sentence by saying that A is just too kind to him, kind to the very end.
He had a way with words that persuaded some, and for those that wouldn’t listen, he’d settle it with a contest of strength like in some parts of the Backstreets.
He is a tall, bespectacled and muscular man in black and yellow dispatched by N Corp.
He is displeased over the creation made by A to be an imitation of her.
He notes that Angela has remained strong regardless, believing in Ayin just as he did and seeking to begin anew even after that faith was betrayed.
He recalls Angela asking whether or not he’d had a change of heart, and wonders if the same might be true of her.
He remarks that he, too, was chained to the past before he came to this revelation.
He says that everyone holds faith in something; in his case, it was Ayin, who he believed sought to do the right thing.
He says that he had been watching A for a long time to know that.
He says this is a general complaint which they are all responsible for.
He speculates that her desire for freedom encompasses more than herself—she wishes for every entity of the former Lobotomy Corporation, from Librarians to Abnormalities, to live unbound by Carmen and Ayin’s wills.
He states that Angela may feel confused at the moment, but will come to understand soon enough.
He states that she runs the Library in the same fashion as Lobotomy Corporation, which speaks volumes.
He still offers the coffee to Tiphereth, since he's already brewed it.
He takes the time to explain to him about how the facility works and reassuring that he will always help him.
He then mentions how he knew he'd come there soon.
He then mentions that the only thing he regrets to this day was how he was too scared, running away and breaking his promise of staying with A until the very end.
He uses TT2 protocol to reset the scenario as many times as it's needed
He was an interesting one.
He wasn’t afraid, and he wasn’t shaking… His voice was unswerving and gentle.
He welcomes A and expresses how he missed him dearly, waiting for him ever since the first day he started working there.
He withholds his answer, stating that it is irrelevant; Angela begrudgingly agrees.
He/Him
Head Manager Outis' Identity Story in Limbus Company.
Headed by the Hierarch of Daguanyuan.
Healing Shiv: Surprisingly, despite their Singularity (a single eye that's forced to watch the City's suffering) being a truly horrific sight to behold, the results that K Corp.
Hearing this, Gebura decides to help and leaves with them after thanking Netzach for his time.
Hearing this, Gebura says she and Tiphereth can just show up in the future without the need for invitation.
Heehaw, Doodle-doo, Woof… and me.
Height 182cm (~6’0”)
Hell, there’s even a club dedicated to that, apparently.
Hell, they wouldn’t have set foot on this gutter in the first place if they had what it takes to achieve their dreams.
Hell, you could probably buy a fine weapon with the money it takes to buy bullets for target practice.
Helps us stand out from each other.
Her attacks have changed again in accordance with her new armaments.
Her attitude was something else; the way she confidently delivered her speech in front of me gave off a certain sense of conviction.
Her demeanor took a sharp, cold turn.
Her name is Bari, and she is a fixer with the title of "Knight of the White Moon".
Her pure ambition will bring her to a position of great power one day.
Her tone was dry in the most upsetting situations, and she seemed apathetic to the loss of several colleagues.
Her words had no weight to it.
Herd-Hitting Attack: Has an exclusive Mass Attack Page, "Mind Crush".
Here, a strict barking order’s set up between members.
Here’s a few examples of the Prescripts:
Here’s an example.
Hermann and the N Corp.
He’d already sent the weapons to the Office, and when he was waiting for his friend to test them out and transfer the payment, a cease and desist was sent.
He’d always “train” himself so he “doesn’t lag behind” and end up getting scars on his face.
High-Tech Hexagons: Just like Lobotomy Corporation's Binah, Zena's coat has yellow lines that form into hexagon patterns.
His brothers in arms, particularly the young man who adores him as a hero, look no older than teens themselves.
His eyes seemed to have already seen so much of this world’s despair and misfortune.
His few lines consist of him threatening Roland from acting and acknowledging Zena’s orders.
His friend gave him a technology and asked him to make weapons for his Office out of it, so he made them per his request.
His private time being disturbed
His voice growing softer, he claims that he is nevertheless not so different from Benjamin—like him, he does not believe that Angela’s status as an android is what matters.
His words and thoughts were surprisingly deep and mature; even I was astonished.
History
Hmm… I guess belonging to a proper Syndicate, if any.
Hmm… While making a request to a Syndicate is an option… We don’t recommend it.
Hngh, chaa… I’m tired, so I’ll be going now.
Hobbies
Hod Meltdown
Hod comments on the clear and sweet taste of her tea; Binah says she added lemon juice and honey specially for them.
Hod explains she is nervous because they had not sat down and talked to each other like this before.
Hod is appreciative of Tiphereth's growth and compliments her positivity, though Tiphereth says she would have still been angry if anyone other than Yesod made that comment.
Hod remarks she thought the sweetness was from sugar; Binah notes that the honey lost its scent because of the tea.
Hod wonders if Angela will visit them again later; Chesed believes so.
Hod's Boss appearance
Hod's Core Suppression is available after Day 21 if Tiphereth's third mission and Malkuth's fourth mission are completed.
Hod's handicaps against the facility are the following:
HodIcon.pngFloor of Literature Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Hokma Meltdown
Hokma Portrait
Hokma accepts.
Hokma advises him to have faith in what he thinks is true to himself, saying that no one can always choose the right path all the time.
Hokma asks A how he feels afterwards.
Hokma asks Angela what story she is hoping to hear from him this time.
Hokma asks Netzach whether he has "collected [his] thoughts and made up [his] mind" like the other Patron Librarians.
Hokma asks Roland whether or not he is religious.
Hokma asks if she is here for “insignificant advice”, to which Angela states that she will not press him on the issue if he does not feel like answering.
Hokma asks whether Binah drinks other kinds of tea, noticing that she only seems to drink black tea.
Hokma asks whether she is truly seeking his knowledge, or simply wishes to confirm what she believes to be the case.
Hokma attempts to start a conversation with Netzach on the NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art, but Netzach is intoxicated and in no mood to talk to him.
Hokma begrudgingly conceded to her request, pledging to become a sentinel “once more” and watch over her every action.
Hokma comforts A from not suffering for it, not for trivial things, saying that he will have to bear more pain in the future.
Hokma confirms her claim, stating that he is a distinct being from Benjamin.
Hokma confirms that he might, since the Sephirot’s memories are being filled by the books—but, as distinct beings from their original selves, they may not be able to celebrate this victory in its totality.
Hokma describes Ayin as a man “with a far sight”, striving to reach an unreachable place.
Hokma dismisses this belief as “preposterous,” telling an irritated Roland to bring him more books so that he may ease his boredom.
Hokma does not believe this to be true—he states that it is Angela’s own will, rather than Carmen’s, that ultimately drove her to preserve the lives of both the Library’s Sephirot and its guests.
Hokma doubts that he and Benjamin are the same being, as he only possesses scraps of Benjamin’s memories.
Hokma doubts that the Librarians will ever become friendly enough to meet for casual conversation, though Binah points out that he does hope it will happen someday.
Hokma ep1
Hokma explains he is trying to introduce himself to the other Librarians.
Hokma explains that Ayin differed in that he was willing to commit “evil” deeds for the sake of reaching his goal.
Hokma explains that he is seeking reading materials to pass the time, and is trying to read the books multiple times to remember them better, a practice which both Yesod and Tiphereth agree with.
Hokma explains that this was possible because he has faith—not only in Ayin, but in Angela.
Hokma explains that, as he awoke later than the other patron librarians, he has much reading to do in order to catch up.
Hokma expresses his belief that sympathy and love are indistinguishable: sympathy is an impetus for one to understand another’s circumstances and reach out in an attempt to help them, and therefore must be acknowledged as a form of love.
Hokma greets Roland coldly, referring to him as Angela’s “servant.” He remarks that Roland does not seem to have a problem serving Angela, though Roland counters that he has no choice if he wants to live.
Hokma had told A that he could make hundreds of AI, but they will never be Carmen, and now Angela is ordered to look over them.
Hokma is mildly surprised by this development, and the two of them muse about how the group has changed.
Hokma is very fond of A, as they passed their past lives together while working in the company before they went apart.
Hokma muses that neither of them had talked with each other much before.
Hokma notes that, between Lobotomy Corporation and the Library, Angela has spent a great deal of time alone.
Hokma notes that, like him, Angela wishes to break free from the past while simultaneously remaining shackled to it.
Hokma notes the questions and doubts she may have, stating that the only way to endure is via faith.
Hokma notes the quietness of Binah's floor, which she explains by saying she is taking only the role of observer.
Hokma notes the ridiculousness of Angela asking these questions now, after pledging never to descend to the Lower Layer and interact with its Sephirot.
Hokma pauses, before stating that it is not the acceptability of Ayin's actions that matters here.
Hokma posits that others may be willing to remain at her side after she has disentangled herself from Carmen.
Hokma questions her decision to allow the librarians to utilize Abnormalities and E.G.O., which risks exacerbating their already unstable mental states.
Hokma questions her hesitation, but she ultimately dismisses it.
Hokma questions the ease with which Roland believes in Angela, wondering if he too believes that she will grant him the freedom she promised.
Hokma questions whether or not this knowledge might be too great for her to bear.
Hokma remarks that Angela must have noticed this to some extent, and finds it strange that she has retained so much faith in the invitations in spite of it.
Hokma rephrases his question, asking instead what Roland believes in.
Hokma replies that he both does and does not understand.
Hokma responds that this depends on her decision—until then, he will trust her and wait patiently.
Hokma reveals he tried to keep her in a cryostasis pod, and then 'ransack' her body and core.
Hokma solemnly replies that, after having sent his “great and dear beacon” away in the Light and failing to fulfill his ultimate plan, ferocity is all he has left.
Hokma speculates that, because he and the other Sephirot glimpsed Angela’s pain while in the Light, their thoughts may have actually coincided with hers for once.
Hokma states that Angela is venturing to his floor more than he had anticipated.
Hokma states that he followed another person: Ayin, the founder of Lobotomy Corporation and Angela’s creator.
Hokma takes his leave.
Hokma tells A about an employee called "Anya", who had her parents and a little sister.
Hokma then asks A of what he thinks about the department, painted laboriously with white plaster.
Hokma ultimately chooses to answer her question, stating that he views the Library as a purgatory: upon entering, the data of each guest is copied in preparation for their transformation to a book.
Hokma upbraids Angela for her greed, claiming that she abandoned her duties.
Hokma visits Binah on the BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy.
Hokma was actually relieved when he was making Angela, as A was focused on something like before.
Hokma was among the Sephirah who opposed her offer, indignantly stating that the “filthy” deed she had committed out of personal desire would never come to fruition.
Hokma was placed in charge of the Record Team.
Hokma's Boss appearance
Hokma's Core Suppression is available after Day 41.
Hokma's Portrait
HokmaIcon.pngFloor of Religion Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Hologram: Luda resembles a white, ghastly and featureless hologram.
Hongyuan Bioengineering Group.
Hook Office
Hook Office Chapter 4 1 Book of the Brotherhood of Iron
HookOfficeIcon
Horned Humanoid: Just like the rest of Reindeer Team, though one of them is snapped off.
Horned Humanoid: Rudolph and the Reindeer Team have reindeer horns growing out of their heads.
Hot and flavorful… Spicy and sweet… Stuff like that.
However, I can be certain that my sentiment towards Lowell was sincere.
However, I don’t feel all too forlorn and miserable.
However, I realized it only just now.
However, I was greatly disappointed in myself, and I couldn’t look my mother in the eyes until I said my final goodbyes and left the house.
However, Shi Association was too fatigued from the barrage of requests, so I asked Full-Stop Office to deal with the Church of Gears, whose leader seemed to harness a power that resembles the Distortion.
However, a human is fragile by nature; if one is too weak, they would crumble—and if one is too hardy, they would snap.
However, after Tiphereth says the same, she begrudgingly agrees.
However, after three days of the Light, Angela interrupted its release out of her desire for revenge against the plan's creator Ayin.
However, because I am certain that the Blue Reverberation is conspiring something that violates or will violate the rules stipulated by the Head, I must gather crucial evidence and report it.
However, because it was incomplete, the majority of people who experienced great emotional instability were unable to overcome it and "Distorted" into abominations, given almost magical powers by the Light, and were uncontrollable, reflecting their overwhelming negative emotions.
However, each district in the City is comparable to a country, while the Wing which controls it is analogous to that country's government.[46] Additionally, each district has its own norms, ethics, and culture in general.
However, if you question who delivers those Prescripts or where they come from and put your curiosity into action, the Proxies will come for you, so beware.
However, management does not seem to care where those injuries come from, so long as they are sufficient enough.
However, no matter whether the Wing manages to defend its Singularity or not, neither side will benefit in the end as they will have expended too much of their resources.
However, not all the Abnormalities use the Qliphoth Counter to use their abilities.
However, not long after, the incident happened all too suddenly.
However, note that the arrow that forms the W is both bouncing up and down and that it’s hollowed out while the arrow that pierced it is filled, and that the empty W-arrow reaches the same endpoint as the straight arrow despite bouncing aimlessly.
However, our enemies were slowly brought down from the vantage point, and when they were completely cornered, the leader escaped along with a few of his crew.
However, saying he is too drunk to answer coherently.
However, that sound was too violent and sharp.
However, the Wings still remain the highest authorities of their District, and will not hesitate to punish offenders who break the rules established in that District.
However, the Wings still remain the highest authorities of their district, and will not hesitate to punish offenders who break the rules established in that district.
However, the recent behavior of the Southern Branch goes against the core values of the Shi.
However, these acts caused Moses to gradually lose her faith in Dias, and she realized Dias was merely using her and the rest of the Udjat as disposable tools.
However, they're noted to always have to contend with the unknowable monsters that they unearth during their excavation missions.
However, this forced them into an awkward position because of L Corp's dissolution and the appearance of the Library, and to prove their loyalty, they were sent into the Library.
However, victory isn’t necessarily won in battle.
However, with the loss of their safety, the former feathers of the Nest generally do not have such a clean fate, and most will likely be forced to relocate, whether they try to find refuge in another Wing's Nest or simply join the population of the Backstreets.[10]
However, with the loss of their safety, the former feathers of the Nest generally do not have such a clean fate, and those who survive will likely be forced to relocate, whether they try to find refuge in another Wing's Nest or simply join the population of the Backstreets.
Hubert’s Page
Human Resources: Given that Mermaids are transformed humans, their constant sales of Mermaid products are certainly this.
Human Silk Wing This Wing created technology which could turn humans into high-quality silk for use in making fabric.
Humanoid Abnormalities that can transform into a bestial/non-humanoid form, usually upon breaching, are usually still designated under this classification (ex.
Hypocritically, despite the Head having made the laws that banned lethal firearms from being created or used, their troops make liberal use of obviously lethal long-range weapons.
I Chapter 2.4 1 Book of WARP Cleanup Crew
I Corp.
I actually used to be a Rat.
I also picked this story up from my superior.
I am merely in a hurry to end this work.
I asked a Color who happens to be a friend of mine about it… and he said the Association’s going to recruit him to hunt down the Blue Reverberation and his cohorts soon.
I became a Fixer trying not to starve, but the taxes have put me in an even tougher hardship… Ordinary people have a hard time bearing this pressure, but what can I do… In the City, orders are to be followed.
I believed in them to make it through, and I just had to be quicker to do my job in the meantime.
I busted my ass crawling up the ladder.
I came to wonder if she was capable of possessing emotions at all.
I can feel the vibration coming from it, even though I can’t hear what it says.
I can see it so faintly… It almost seems to be within my reach, but it always ends up being a mirage.
I can still remember the client’s head staring daggers at me, hanging from the top of a power pole.
I can travel through time and space and see a myriad of possibilities, too many for you to possibly fathom.
I can’t talk much about it, but it’s like the fortune readings others sometimes see.
I can’t taste anything anymore.
I chose to keep my eyes shut because I thought I’d rather deal with the ever-echoing past.
I clicked me tongue and took a close look at the black card and WARP train tickets Myo pushed to my side, before drinking off my glass and agreeing to give it a go.
I closed the door on my way out.
I collapsed for a moment; but I didn’t stop thinking.
I collapsed on the floor.
I could buy my gear at a workshop thanks to your help, and all that… Though that’s not all.
I could no longer perceive anything.
I couldn’t be bothered to push away the person who naturally came to my side.
I couldn’t even tell what was appropriate to speak anymore.
I couldn’t find a gap to run through, and there weren’t any hiding spots around me, either.
I couldn’t help but laugh at my state.
I couldn’t just pass them by.
I couldn’t say anything beyond that.
I couldn’t stop the voice, so the most I could do was ignore it.
I could’ve booted him out like a stubborn old man, but I have better things to keep than my pride.
I could’ve sworn I acknowledged my vice and embraced it.
I did everything in my power.
I didn’t exactly dislike him, though.
I didn’t look back once.
I didn’t quite pity them as much as I weighed up the favors they could give me in return.
I didn’t see it.
I do bicker with Mars and snap at him often, yes!
I do feel a bit upset, but I think I’m at the right place.
I do have one regret regarding you: that I could not trust my feelings for you.
I do want to add that you were not at fault here, though.
I don’t even wanna remember that.
I don’t exactly know who coined the term “Distortion” for the phenomenon, but people just started calling it that at some point.
I don’t exactly remember what happened then.
I don’t have any tears to shed for her, though.
I don’t know the exact rationale behind designating Impurities… From what I can see, they seem to declare beings that defile the City as Impurities and banish them to the Outskirts.
I don’t know what expression seonbae wore at that time.
I don’t know what possessed me to cut them into pieces of fabric.
I don’t know.
I don’t really remember what happened after that, as I said.
I don’t remember everything that happened, actually.
I don’t remember when and how we got so close to each other.
I don’t think the process to be natural at all; I was not a believer of fateful meetings.
I don’t think this is all too bad, though.
I dunno.
I enjoy working with Pierre a lot.
I feel as if I’ve hit some kind of wall I can’t overcome.
I feel that it’s important to refrain from thinking that anything is in my possession.
I figure that’s ‘cause of the odd tech R Corp.
I finally joined an Office run by this guy named ‘Yun’ and officially became a Fixer.
I found myself looking for excuses.
I frankly don’t recommend replacing your entire body with a machine.
I gazed at the box where you, my son, rested for what would no longer be an eternity.
I get how you feel, but I’ll need more time to think about this.”
I got embarrassed of myself again.
I gotta envy Mars for being cool-headed all the time.
I guarantee it’s good.
I guess gramps picked the right rookie to hire.”
I guess it’s fairer to say that I travel to a completely different space.
I guess that’s because they’re much more experienced than us… If I keep trying hard, then maybe I’ll be able to join Section 5 someday!
I guess this body is too cheap to restrain delusional thoughts like this.
I had a plethora of experience handling various workshop products, so I decided to take the sword without much hesitation.
I had a weapon and armor that resonate with my emotions.
I had never once thought that my method was incorrect; I believed it to be the best method for myself, and I deemed that problems couldn’t be solved any other way.
I had no idea…
I had the prudence, and you had the unhesitating action.
I had to stay because of new members that had just joined our band, though.
I had to witness ‘em take chunks of flesh outta my parents and brothers while they were still breathing.
I had to wonder if we were that desperate.
I have only grown so ironclad after I lost you.
I have to disagree.
I have wits, unlike mister rice cake face.
I heard there are lighter rifles, and some that come with bayonets for close-quarters combat… But mind you, those guns have their fair share of downsides, so don’t be too quick to buy them.
I heard this story from my seniors… One time, a Color hid their identity and snuck onto the train.
I honestly thought they were lying, so I made up an excuse to turn them away.
I hope we see each other again.
I just looked at the shade so I could see a brighter light, that’s all.
I know all of this sounds unbelievable.
I know that I wouldn’t have managed to do it myself.
I know well that a person at a position as high as mine should be extra careful.
I know what I’m doing is stupid.
I know you were always too busy caring for me to pursue your own interests.
I know, it sounds silly.
I know, that’s when the incident started… Dery was walking the street as they mumbled something, but they didn’t seem to be heading to a specific destination.
I learned soon enough that this isn’t much different from what people call “love”.
I love… looooove eating.
I luckily managed to get away without getting hit by any needles.
I made it sound grandiose, but this power isn’t almighty by any means, so I try not to use it carelessly.
I managed to calm them down, and they said… I’m sorry.
I mean, go ahead, if you really want dislocated shoulders and severed fingers.
I mean, sure, I wouldn’t say no to some flashier requests.
I mean, think about it.
I might have drowned in my own tears and sorrow back then, but ultimately, I’m grateful for the choice I made… and all the things in the world.
I mustered up the courage to open my eyes.
I need some free time for myself too, I have gripes with my neighbors that I just live with, so you should do the same.
I need to run before more people come this way… But I was so terrified.
I only got it ‘cause Gyeong-mi pushed me to give it a shot… I’m pretty satisfied with the result.
I pledge to change the system with my hands… No matter what.
I ran around the whole town chasing a cat all day… Night, sis.
I ran right to this Office without turning back once… And now… Now… I don’t think I can get back there.
I realized that there’s little I can do to calm the disorder of this world.
I remember you conceding it and taking a step back.
I saw footage about R Corp.
I shouldn’t have held any expectations in the first place.
I slowly opened my eyes… to a scene I’ll never forget.
I sometimes wondered what made this kid have such thoughts.
I spent hours sitting there in numbed silence, vacantly staring at a lump I couldn’t even dare to hug.
I stand still like my feet were tied, until my body is covered in scars.
I still don’t get what that was about, even though I’m talking about it.
I still remember the day when the three of us met for the first time.
I still wanna try more delicious foods, though.
I suppose it seems nicer than the likes of Rats swarming about in the Backstreets.
I suppose the Head manages that part since things like the ethics of the City aren’t subjects we are qualified to discern.
I suppose the Prescripts have some generosity for those forgers, as they may remain unpunished unless a Prescript ordering it has been issued.
I suppose they were scared of places like this.
I think it was better that way.
I think we’re the strongest team in the Fourth Pack.
I thought I had found an answer to that… But in the end, I couldn’t escape the Prescripts.
I thought I had to overcome this pain and rise above it to become a tougher man.
I thought I was better than those Rats.
I thought I would never care about him since he was so different from me, but my expectations weren’t quite right.
I thought I’d feel like a load had been taken off my chest after I’d confessed my pent-up feelings to her, but I couldn’t even bring myself to look seonbae in the eyes.
I thought I’d saved everyone, but after all, what I’ve been doing was far from being a hero.
I thought she’d have been alive all along since she was tough.
I thought swords like that would hurt a lot, but I felt pretty okay.
I thought the path Xiao was walking was completely different from mine.
I thought you had left me, but you would always come back.
I told him to be more careful since his words and actions as the boss will affect his underlings as well, yet here we are… I thought I’d flip my lid at hearing the news, but I didn’t feel as much anger as I expected to.
I told you there’s no need to worry about me.
I tried acting nonchalant, I did, but… I guess I can’t do it.
I tried to calm them down, saying they should be fine as long as they don’t actually breach the contract, but Dery got ticked off and complained that it’s unfair how they’re supposed to comply with unfavorable terms hidden in the fine print.
I tried to gather the rascals in one place and lead them, but it never worked out smoothly.
I tried to think positively about it, convincing myself that I wouldn’t want to see seonbae feel troubled because of me in the future.
I turn around and look at the loudspeaker in the mannequin’s face.
I urge you to gain composure.
I want to tell you that I no longer have shame for the path I’ve chosen, and that I have finally freed myself from the guilt.
I wanted to become a hero myself and save the lives of others… What I wanted more than anything, though, was to meet that person once more.
I wanted to learn more about him, and I wanted to know what this emotion I felt was.
I was a very lucky case; keep in mind that this isn’t the norm at all.
I was actually scared back then.
I was afraid as well when I faced them for the first time in that mansion where everything began.
I was already dreaming to follow the path of my mother.
I was creeped out by how she said it like it was no big deal.
I was frustrated.
I was going to thank her and show her how much stronger I had gotten since then if I did get to see her again.
I was hesitating in front of the glass door, wondering whether I should go in or wait for someone to open it, but then I heard a sound coming from inside.
I was just reminded of the old times seeing San kneel down for the sake of his Office juniors.
I was looking at it in awe, I didn’t even think to check my body.
I was so embarrassed, comparing myself to her.
I was taking swig after swig of booze… Rain would’ve scolded me for sure if I went back drunk as a broom, I felt that… But that happens all the time anyway, so I didn’t care much.
I was the one who tormented myself.
I wasn’t one to stop him from doing what he chose to do.
I won’t bother saying when.
I won’t dare say “beyond your imagination” since I have no idea how insane you might be.
I would like to correct it because I'm unsure on some stuff:
I wouldn’t have been able to say it even if I met the Red Mist when she was alive and well.
I wouldn’t have been able to tell that this person had a talkative and lighthearted side if I hadn’t seen her speak mere moments ago.
I wouldn’t have taken it if I’d known it’d bring us to this complete lunacy.
I would’ve cried until my tears had run their course, and I would’ve been ready to send you off.
I'll Pretend I Didn't Hear That: Implied.
I'm trying to get a timeline of the main events of the games because it's kinda hard to remember all the information and harder to check for it without having to go through all the story.
II, and Gebura gets a unique Battle Symbol in the form of rabbit ears to wear.
Identification
If Abnormalities could have been given a more accurate localization, a title such as ‘fantasm’ or ‘fantoms’ would’ve been appropriate paronomasia.
If An Arbiter is not pushed into the next Phase in time, either because the player didn't remove the meltdowns in time or didn't have enough damage to do so, it will re-summon her Special Qliphoth Meltdowns again after 60 seconds, as long as all the meltdowns are cleared.
If Fixers develop private feelings for each other, it could be much harder to bear whatever happens down the line.
If Hokma had wanted, he could revive him.
If I broke down, I might be in danger as Carmen warned.
If I can show the masses that it’s possible to oppose the Prescripts, something might change… Something has to… It WILL make a difference.
If I close my eyes, the memory of that time haunts me—and if I open my eyes, a reality I can hardly bear unfolds.
If I had to point out one thing the Backstreets and the Nest have in common… It’d be that residents of the Nests can get a good view of the Backstreets, and vice versa.
If I must be honest, however, I am rather… unnerved.
If The Red Mist does not reach the marked agent after 20 seconds, she will immediately take a knee for 20 seconds, exhausted after her exertion, just like after using her Gold Rush attack.
If a Proselyte shows a certain level of competence, the Prescripts will assign the role of a Messenger or a Proxy to them.
If a person on the same echelon as ours were to approach us, we’d gladly greet them and hear what they have to say with an open mind.
If a young, oblivious Fixer walks up to a Capo and speaks to them, that poor picciotto will be rolling in the street the next day with his jaw and teeth missing.
If anyone infringes this regulation and still uses technology they shouldn’t have access to… They will receive a cease and desist letter up to three times.
If humans clearly have more value over animals ‘cause we’re the apex predators, then there shouldn’t be any problem with a pack of humans that rise above the rest and prey on others.
If it’s necessary to prevent another incident from happening… I guess there’s no choice.
If neglected, they can cause major harm in the facility or lessen the amount LOB Points earned when ending the day.
If not all the Meltdowns of Pillars are removed in time, An Arbiter will shoot the pillars to the direction that they are facing, dealing massive damage of their type to any entity in its way and applying a normal Qliphoth Meltdown to the containment units in the way.
If not, the player can unlock it after reaching 100% Abnormality Dissolution during one of the next runs.
If people started reaping insurance payouts for the smallest things, our business wouldn’t survive.
If that suits their taste, that is.
If the Claw Ordeals seen in Lobotomy Corporation were anything to go by, then it's also implied that all of them look nearly identical.
If the Work Favor of the respective work is not yet unlocked, the Success Rate will remain hidden and classified as 'Unknown.'
If the player doesn't complete all of the Asiyah Sephirah Meltdowns or fails the day, the player will receive the ending A.
If the player doesn't complete all of the Atziluth Sephirah Meltdowns or fails the day, the player will receive ending C.
If the player doesn't complete all of the Briah Sephirah Meltdowns or fails the day, the player will receive ending B.
If the player has 100% Abnormality Dissolution after completing Day 50, the player will receive the 100% Seed of Light ending (also known as True Ending).
If the ‘Night in the Backstreets’ were to be gone, the Backstreets will fall into even worse chaos than before.
If there is another chance for you, use this failure and loss as a stepping stone to do better next time.
If there’s one thing I realized, it’s that relationships between people always start from such small curiosity.
If they accept it, they will cover their eyes with a blindfold as they serve the role.
If they believe that the hopes will come true “someday”, they’ll just keep parroting that contemptible word!
If ye didn’t know, the City’s taboos are a ‘uge deal, ‘s much more serious than taboos of the Nest.
If you ain’t a fan of that, then there’s the second option: eat anything!
If you ask how the Seven Association can secure its confidentiality despite holding lots of juicy info that could attract the many, it’s likely because its staff aren’t bad combatants by any means.
If you can’t afford to enter a Wing and have to live in the Backstreets, you’re best off settling in the District that suits you well.
If you dare wander this part of the town, your destination might end up being a dining table.
If you don’t have any good suggestions to make, shutting up is the next best contribution you can make.
If you have the wealth to make a direct request to the Association, that is.
If you have trouble finding the perfect procedure or weapon for you, try bionic equipment.
If you really believe that Fixers are cool… then let me tell you something.
If you think Syndicates are nothing more than gangs of ugly and bad guys, then let me tell ya that’s an outdated bias.
If you’re a sniper, you’ll be busy packing up your weapon mount n’ everything; have to make unnecessarily big movements.
If you’re reading this book, it must mean there’s something you want to know about me.
Image from Lobotomy Corporation Day 41 Story
Imagine how dangerous and difficult this mission may be if R Corp, a Wing specializing in combat, requested us to resolve it for them.
Imagining the most appalling, vulgar, and filthy deed you can think of.
Impuritas Civitatis
ImpuritasIcon.png Impuritas Civitatis ImpuritasIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1) •
In General
In Limbus Company, there is a human who is given a classification code of 00-00-00 by the titular Limbus Company.
In addition to insisting that Ayin give his creation a name, he was also the one to present Angela with the “script” necessary for the Seed of Light’s successful germination.
In addition to the fund for work-related expenses such as maintenance of equipment and monthly rent for Office space, which is already a lot, Fixers must accommodate for rather heavy taxes as well.
In addition, almost all of his melee pages immediately deal damage when winning clashes against ranged dice instead of recycling like normal.
In addition, local residents who stared into the entity’s eyes or holes in its body soon produced a boiling sound before turning into A-02, so I had to forbid people from observing it closely.
In any case, contracts serve as physical evidence to prove our performance and secure our payment when we submit reports to the Association.
In any case, if you can’t pay the penalty by the third warning… The Claw will tear you down.
In case things get too difficult for our agents to handle, we call R Corp, a Wing we’re partnered with.
In conclusion, we mustn’t fall for temptation or deception.
In contrast to Ayin, Benjamin treated Angela with kindness, informing her about the City and assuring her that her status as an android did not matter to him.
In early versions of the Japanese translation, as a result of the sloppy translation work, the English name, ‘Abnormality’, was directly transcribed as ‘Abunōmaritī’ (アブノーマリティー), rather than properly transcribing the Korean name ‘Hwansangche’ (환상체).
In effect, a player knowing this, especially the third number, can get a huge jumpstart on information about the Abnormality.
In fact, Dongrang casually notes that showing the being footage of Kromer's atrocities and traumatizing of Sinclair causes it to cry an unusually large amount.
In fact, I was hoping to live up to it and hear compliments such as “I knew you could make it!” from others.
In fact, before the Smoke War, the opinions of it from average citizens were terrible enough that going to war and demolishing it was considered an open consideration, only avoided because no one wanted to go to the trouble of doing so.
In fact, by Intervallo V-I in Limbus Company, the company is outright stated to be on the verge of collapse, with a new corporation already raring to take its place.
In fact, despite being so against prosthetics, one of their high-ranking members is Hermann, who oversaw bio-enhancement surgeries to replace human limbs with monstrous insectoid ones in the old G Corp.
In fact, even Nest citizens are at risk of being urged to work in T Corps factories, implied to come with all the dangers of working someplace ran by ruthlessly greedy industrialists of the time the Wing emulates.
In fact, much of the Head's modus operandi as a whole is to preserve and elevate the concept of "humanity", as twisted as it is in their perspective.
In fact, not even the Seven Association knows anything about them despite they having for almost anything else.
In fact, to even call it a “place” would be yet another misconception amongst us knowing ones.
In fact, we do not see much benefit from the freedom of the nighttime, other than being allowed to dine all we want.
In fact, we don't even know where the 26th District is, as it doesn't appear on any of the maps released thus far of the City.
In general
In hindsight, though, it was such a silly thing to do.
In most Tool's subject numbers, their type is 09 (With one being 07).
In my case, I accidentally ripped Naoki’s clothes while walking by, and cut my own cheek when I flailed it outta frustration… But, now that I’ve gotten used to it, I feel as if I have three hands.
In other words, the Night in the Backstreets is the rein that keeps this place in check.
In other words, we were a headache that they couldn’t find a good enough excuse to remove.
In plain language, everything goes back to how it was when it was scanned.
In reality, W Corp's singularity is the ability to wipe/reset people back into a previous state, allowing the WARP train passengers to perceive their trips in the WARP train as lasting only 10 seconds when in reality their trip lasted thousands of years.
In reality, this happens in every WARP train, W Corp simply uses their Singularity to wipe everyone of their memories of the experience after the train arrives.
In some cases, there may be additional "soft" requirements, as the Small Story viewing icon will be hidden if the Floor it is on has any uncompleted Abnormality suppressions active.
In specific drastic circumstances, a Wing can end up "collapsing".
In that sense, the term ‘Colors’ isn’t entirely off-putting.
In the City, money is what gets you power.
In the City, there are as many workshops as there are unique gadgets.
In the City, this was seen as a bright pillar of light emanating from L Corp's headquarters, completely brightening the City even during nighttime.
In the Nest of gambling, hundreds of games take place every day, the humans leaving as winners or losers.
In the case of our Office, we were sister Offices with Dawn Office, sharing more information than we did with most other partners.
In the early days, the responsibility sometimes felt too heavy and burdensome.
In the end, this is all a pointless errand.
In the flavor texts of Key Pages, characters often mention that they have almost no idea what the Head was thinking when they made these regulations.
In the past, the Fourth Pack was considered a thorn in the side of R Corp.
In the universe that is the City, a center of mass forms for each person who bears a wish for something, and clusters of dreams comparable to interstellar matter gravitate toward those centers.
In this City, money has more value than anything.
In this City, worse things are happening here and there on a daily basis.
In this game, this translates to the Reindeer troops being able to stagger your librarians easily, and their pages often cause recoil to their own stagger gauge.
Includes only (O-07-103), Yang; presumed to include Abnormalities that are conditionally a Tool Abnormality and are capable of breaching.
Incorrect food.
Indeed, class is earned, not given for free; it’s only right to give it the respect it deserves.
Index Proselytes
Index Proselytes Chapter 2.1 1 Book of a Sweeper
Index Proxies
Index Proxies Chapter 2.1 1 Book of the Thumb
IndexProselytesIcon
IndexProselytesIcon.pngIndex Proselytes (Episode 1) • SmilingFacesIcon.pngSmiling Faces (Episode 1) • TheCryingChildrenIcon.pngThe Crying Children (Episode 1) • WARPCleanUpCrewIcon.pngWARP Cleanup Crew (Episode 1)
IndexProselytesIcon.pngIndex Proxies (Episode 1) • TheRedMistIcon.pngThe Red Mist (Episode 1) • LiuAssociationIcon.pngLiu Association Section 1 (Episode 1) • RCorpIcon.pngR Corp.
Informal combatants include K Corp's immigration staff, N Corp's Taboo Hunters and Inquisitors, and W Corp's custodial staff.
Inherent in the System: Surprisingly, just because a Wing is horrible to live in doesn't mean all of its leadership are monsters.
Initially, Abnormalities were discovered as a general type of monster (괴물, goemul) that could be found in either the Outskirts or the Ruins.
Inquisition
Inquisition all directly antagonize Limbus Company in their search for the Golden Boughs, and are all under the employ of N Corp.
Inquisition is a subset of fanatic N Corp.
Inquisition to butcher their own citizens on their turf, in exchange for them providing lots of footage of human suffering to produce more tears from their captured monster.
Inquisition whose goal is to commit a genocidal extermination of prosthetics users.
Inquisition, a group of N Corp.
Insane things happen in the City, and even Rats could tear you a new one if you haven’t got any useful gadgets or procedures.
Instead of thanks, all that got out of my mouth was a stupid mumble like “Ah…” I leaned on a wall and barely stood up with shaky legs.
Insurance can sometimes be useful depending on its form and conditions, sure… But if you take the pay into account, it still doesn’t feel too great.
Interestingly, certain rooms are not targeted by The Red Mist's Gold Rush attack used in Phase 1 and 3.
Intimidating Revenue Service: As A Corp.
Introduced us as a trustworthy Syndicate.
Involved in the Smoke War, on the losing side.
Iori tells roland about the library
Irina’s Page
Irony: They are targeting entire towns associated with prosthetic plants, and they even have an anti-prosthetic cult group within them to dole out massacres against them.
Is used in "HP Ampules" to quickly heal injuries.
Isadora’s Page
It also allows for nonhumans who have permanently transformed into humans, like Angela during her bad ending.
It also used a particularly obnoxious Singularity as its power source that often produced thick smoke and had strange mood-changing effects on those who inhaled the smoke.
It also wipes out their memories of the horrors in the trains so they would believe that they only boarded for 10 seconds inside it.
It appears [Agent]’s mental state is unstable.
It can be accessed on the main menu via the lower right corner (before story completion) or top right corner (after story completion).
It could be placed between the patties of the hamburger you’re holding, it could be in your mailbox, it could be handed to you by a passerby.
It couldn’t be something they told me beforehand.
It covers the screen completely for a moment after the day starts and when reaching Qliphoth Meltdowns Level 2 and 4.
It deals great damage (220-300).
It deals massive damage (70~84) of its damage type.
It did go bust eventually, but it’s more that the company was stingy about sharing its energy.
It does have a professional charm to it, too.
It does nothing to hinder his combat efficiency, however.
It doesn't paint a good reputation for them by a long shot.
It doesn’t cost an awful lot, and it looks pretty damn nice, too.
It doesn’t make sense that I know what they’re about to say otherwise.
It doesn’t matter if it’s a member of the Syndicate or an outsider… Every person must abide by the rules… The degree of violation is irrelevant; that doesn’t decide the weight of the purge.
It doesn’t require specific strategies or certain personnel.
It eventually collapsed, and its patent expired.
It felt as if deep tenebrous stains were seeping out of my heart.
It goes for every type of business transaction.
It goes some ways to explaining their preference for their archaic and crusader-themed uniforms, with the majority of the group's combatants wearing suits of armor with a modern flair.
It goes without saying that the Syndicate has more fame to gain out of raiding a high-grade Office filled with seasoned Fixers.
It happened 10 years ago.
It happened when I was a little kid, so my memory of that is blurry… All I can remember is looking at San’s back, standing in front me holding a tree branch he hurriedly picked up.
It has an immense amount of HP at 4000 and must be suppressed 3 times by depleting their HP bar to be defeated completely, and its behavior will change each time it is suppressed.
It has since been replaced by a new G Corp.
It hired the entire Zwei Association to try and secure territory within the former L Corp's district.
It houses unscrupulous maritime markets that make most of their income by selling products from the bordering Great Lake or outright piracy and kidnapping.
It is also behind the infamous Wretched Hive that is the Backstreets of District 23.
It is also due to these factors that it makes forming a genuine relationship with an Abnormality essentially impossible, with connections between these entities and their handlers only possible through a thorough understanding of that Abnormality and by entertaining its innate desires.
It is also possible to "solve" and reverse an individual's Distortion regardless of how far it has manifested by having them accept their emotions (in a way which Moses compares to mediating human relationships,) though this does not guarantee that they will not Distort again.
It is also the birthplace of Giovanni, who would later be known as Netzach.
It is by Carmen’s will and interpretations that guests are invited to enter and therefore grow the Library.
It is capable of merging two objects of a drastically different nature into a single functional unit, as if both were meant to work in synergy.
It is common for Wings to get involved in lawsuits with each other over patent disputes, especially as a result of their constant efforts to get an edge over their rivals.
It is due to the disastrous consequences of housing an entire set of closely related Abnormalities that facilities usually limit the number of these pairings and groups, either by placing their Containment Units far apart or splitting them across different branch facilities.
It is held by smaller pieces near the base, which has the remains of its original form.
It is not by the will of us Sweepers that the night in the Backstreets has become a time when no deed is forbidden.
It is said that people intersect with one another in some manner.
It is said that the moment someone equips E.G.O, they'll instantly know how to properly wield it, regardless of fighting background.
It is the home of Hong Lu and the Jia family in Limbus Company.
It is their right and absolute power."
It is when I look to my side, yet there is no one next to me; when I am worn out from running somewhere; when I feel that my heart grows heavy rather than painful.
It just won’t be me; I’m not fit to accomplish such things.
It keeps spawning minor dark invulnerable creatures across the facility.
It kept saying something.
It looks so heavy, and he swings it like it’s nothing.
It made me feel a bit better.
It may not be the answer you were expecting, but it can’t be helped; the Colors have their own ways of working, and they have basically nothing in common.
It may not have been something out of a fairy tale or a drama, but we still cherished each other in our little relationship.
It may seem too materialistic to you, but seeing how the Associations work, you’ll have to agree that money is their prime objective.
It might be better for you to try and enter a small company to do desk work instead.
It might be the personal preference of the Wing’s founder or the influence of the Singularity, but the cultural styles and social atmosphere vary vastly between the Nests.
It might have upset me for a moment.
It might look like a fancy suit with golden decorations at first glance, but you know how a Fixer’s attire is no ordinary clothing!
It might seem like nitpicking, but there’s one basic principle to remember: Don’t get on the nerves of your superior.
It never gives a direct solution to your problems, though.
It possesses a single green eye at the middle of a spherical base, with the upper half of the eye covered.
It predicts the events that’ll happen to you during a year like an annual fortune, and gives opinions on immediate matters.
It regulates the Backstreets of its District with certain restrictions known as "Taboos" and sends special Fixers called Taboo Hunters to track down violators of the Taboos.[1][30]
It rests on a mountain of different robotic carcass of Male Tiphereth, piled on top of each other, with their light green eyes moving and looking around.
It reviews newly designed weapons, files applications to the Head, and charges taxes for them.
It seemed to have ended, yet it begins once more.
It seems kinda unfair to me that they make arbitrary evaluations of a concept that can be taken in so many different ways.
It seems people in this City are prone to breaking promises as simple as those without a contract to bind them, though.
It seems some cotton remained even after the roller crumpled all the outer fabric.
It sounds a bit lonely… But I’m fine!
It sounds big, but it’s basically just a mutual promise; I think it’s “consideration” in legal terms.
It sounds very underwhelming judging from the weapon alone, but they use the minimum technique with pinpoint precision to take down their foes.
It spawns in the main room of its department and doesn't provide passive handicaps.
It summons 6 Meltdowns of Dark Fog and 6 Meltdowns of Gold.
It takes a huge effort, or perhaps something that can’t be accomplished with effort alone.
It takes human hide to protect human flesh.
It takes more than cash to purchase high-class fabric; one must earn the favor of Tailors first and foremost.
It takes several augmentation procedures to be able to carry something as heavy as a firearm and run fast enough.
It tells when the only known Wing that backed it is the equally monstrous old G Corp.
It took a teensy little procedure for me to lift this humongous weapon with one hand.
It turns out that they are really cloning people, but R Corp had measures to prevent the Head from outright sanctioning them for taboo violations.
It used to be a Singularity, but ever since the Wing owning the tech got snapped and its patent expired, everyone and their mother’s been using it.
It uses up all of the charges that the crewmate has accumulated for a chance to deal two incredibly devastating attacks that can draw more pages, but it also has a chance to deal a massive 20 recoil damage to the user on failure.
It was a damn tough climb, but now that I’m up here, I’m starting to feel like it might’ve been better off to just live as a Rat.
It was a miracle that he managed to stay under the Thumb for so long.
It was a monstrous Wing which was infamous for sharing little of the energy it had produced.
It was a ragtag band of people without a place to call home, like Rats.
It was a semi-mandatory request.
It was a small Syndicate ran by Naoki, I, and a few others, but our influence started to expand bit by bit since the young and talented Taein joined us.
It was an ordinary day.
It was as if she were saying she’s going to make the war happen.
It was natural for the Wings giving us requests to wonder what kind of Singularity we have to pump out so many mercenaries in such a short time frame.
It was one of the major parties involved in the Smoke War.[27][28]
It was only in the post-final Head Raid where we get to see one personally.
It was pointing toward a beginning, not an end.
It was the complete opposite, actually, full of uncontrollable punks.
It was the first workplace I was assigned to just after I became a Fixer.
It was the subject of a lot of gossip.
It was the voice of someone desperately yearning for something.
It was when I joined my previous Office.
It wasn't important, as she accepted anyway.
It wasn’t a very well-known Wing, so you probably won’t recognize it even if I told you its name.
It wasn’t long until I felt that something was different.
It will act like an Abnormality, with its name changed to "An Arbiter", classified as ALEPH.
It will also remove the status effect for being in the same room as an Arbiter.
It will attack with either weapons to deal (25-30) Red or White damage respectively, or attack with both weapons at once, dealing both Red and White damage.
It will change the current name of the Abnormality's Containment Unit and display its Qliphoth Counter, if it has any (Otherwise, shown with an 'X').
It will not move out of the room, roaming the room until spotting a target.
It will take pauses between attack before starting a new one.
It won’t be a thirsty longing for love, however.
It would be a miracle to walk out unharmed.
It would be a public nuisance to show up in broad daylight and cause a ruckus, and we have a set of rules that we abide to.
It would be unfit to call that place a world.
It would only say whatever it wanted to say.
It wouldn’t try to convince or allure me.
It's a Justified case here to make sure the employees can no longer rat them out to the Head like Michelle before, and the facility underground was a treasure trove of blatantly illegal tech, some of which would obviously procure the Head's wrath once spotted.
It's a remainder of them being physically augmented.
It's also heavily implied that they were on the equally monstrous and repulsive former L Corp's side in the Smoke War.
It's deliberately caused by the wing through unknown means to deprive people of their identities and privileges, although it's also noted that domain over light is a prerequisite for their Singularity's control over time.
It's heavily implied both laws' real motive is to regulate the creation of guns and cloning by reducing their availability and ease of access.
It's implied that on top of it having a healing effect, it also has an empowering, steroid-like effect (or just Phlebotinum Overload) as the Empowered Class 3 Staff are so overflowing with liquid that their armor starts glowing a bright green.
It's implied that the longcoat is because he is higher in ranking than a standard Claw agent.
It's implied that there may even be a part of the Heishou creation process that outright erases their memories of their past lives every time they switch masters.
It's implied that there's a business deal going on with K Corp.
It's implied that this is actually a part of the standard Arbiter uniform.
It's initially made out to be an embellished allegory for K Corp's healing serum, but it turns out that the base component for it is literal tears, albeit from an Abnormality or similar entity rather than a constellation.
It's left ambiguous if Nagel und Hammer is simply a subsidiary paramilitary force for N Corp.
It's not always like this, though — the first manager was a genuinely kind person who would tell the eye touching stories.
It's possible to get around the laws legally while maintaining effectiveness, such as the Thumb fighting with the gun itself and R Corp.
It's quite telling when the only named agent from them prior to Library Of Ruina is the Arbiter Garion, who was involved (and met her end in) the failed L Corp.
It's the home District of the League of Nine in Limbus Company
It's to the point where a faction somehow losing its Heishou Pack is often synonymous with its rapidly impending annihilation.
Items and materials made utilizing the singularity are impervious to external damage.
Its Singularity revolves around controlling time, mainly by locally speeding up or slowing down time, and was developed largely thanks to cooperation with L Corp.[20] TimeTrack "repackages" time collected from W Corp.
Its Singularity revolves around manufacturing Fairies, which have the ability to 'open' anything, whether it be in a literal or conceptual sense.[24][25]
Its Singularity revolves around producing Locks, which keep anything 'locked', whether it be in a literal or conceptual sense.
Its Singularity revolves around spheres which can manipulate gravity.[24][26]
Its Singularity revolves around the production of "moonlight stones", which protect their user from psychological attacks when worn.[32]
Its Singularity, the Resonance Tuning Fork, revolves around functionally fusing and/or splitting two objects.
Its attacks remain the same, with the same behavior.
Its defenses return back to Resistant (0.1).
Its defenses start at Resistant (0.1) against all types of damage.
Its leader wasn’t a particularly powerful enemy, but it took a long time to assess the strengths and behavior of each of his "crew".
Its mask remains closed.
Its name was… Sorry, I don’t feel like saying it out loud.
Its residents are nothing more than feathers of the Wings that serve to protect the eggs.
It’s a common story often told in these streets.
It’s a pretty common occurrence, actually.
It’s a shame to see them struggle to escape the flow, for they’re only straying away from salvation.
It’s a strategy.
It’s a symbiotic relationship right there~!
It’s akin to how visible colors have their own vibrant characteristics.
It’s all thanks to this clothing that we didn’t panic when we saw the Crying Children, a Distortion!
It’s an era where humans are dominated by the act of consumption!
It’s applied to the weapons we use, too.
It’s as soft as the hands that caressed me, and it’s as pretty as the sound that consoled me.
It’s been a while, sis.
It’s blindingly bright at times, and it shakes in an irregular shape at times.
It’s bullcrap.
It’s cuz that’s just madness.
It’s hard to define what they were, even now.
It’s like a TV show.
It’s like they were staring off into space and forcibly dragging their feet along.
It’s long gone, so you’ll get nothing even if you look for it.
It’s mandatory for people working in relatively higher Sections to wear clothing adorned with the moonlight stone, M Corp’s Singularity.
It’s more fun to talk like we’re secret agents exchanging confidential info when we’re discussing topics like this!
It’s not an easy feat to get out of Section 6, of course….
It’s not at all scary or dangerous, though it could feel a bit awkward when you use it for the first time.
It’s not because I’m a coward… It’s not because I was afraid that I might be faced with darkness I can’t possibly handle if I lift my head, no.
It’s not easy for your damage to be insured, either.
It’s not entirely impossible for a Syndicate member to engage in Fixer work or vice versa.
It’s not honorable or noble, neither miserable or cruel.
It’s not my fault at all.
It’s not too late for you to make the right choice.
It’s not uncommon for two or more Offices of Fixers to be present at the scene of a finished case, so I gently nodded to greet them, identifying ourselves as Fixers of Wedge Office who have come here to solve the case.
It’s nothing like the Rats who move in close packs.
It’s probably a little bit different from time travel as you commonly imagine it.
It’s probably not that surprising to you since he still acts like a coward from time to time.
It’s so diverse, I could go on forever.
It’s stylish that way.
It’s such an elementary part of the basic decencies for human relationships, yet so many people seem to be oblivious of this…
It’s the Head we’re talking about.
It’s the job of Offices like ours to monitor the gaming between individuals or organizations, verify the results, and prevent situations from turning violent.
It’s the restoration procedure reverting the people’s memories to a previous state rather than selectively erasing them.
It’s the same the whole world over.
It’s the so-called ‘Office raid’.
It’s the street of flavor, after all.
It’s the, uhh… temporal preservation or whatever.
It’s true that R Corp.
It’s true that our Syndicate’s sorta intimidating and got a tight hierarchy goin’ on, but the bond between members is strong.
It’s unacceptable that someone could use a branch leader of an Association to make a toy of the entire Association, Color or not.
It’s up to the director of each section—our leaders, basically—to decide what to prioritize and what to discard.
It’s up to you to make your choices… but I can’t deny that it has a strong influence on your decision.
It’s…”
Ivy League for Everyone: They are famous for their prestigious universities and colleges, and prides itself over the academic success of its students.
I’d love to hear where that supposed freedom is according to them, because I don’t see it.
I’d never provoked anyone first.
I’d only acted to protect others from an approaching danger.
I’ll create a new world… one where people can live bountiful lives even if they have nothing, free from obsession or greed.
I’ll follow after the name you gave me: Uberto.
I’m a fresh member here, so there’s still a lot for me to learn… Still, I’m gonna pick up experience as I resolve the missions assigned to me, and I’ll probably figure out what to do in time.
I’m already on the stage, standing under the brightingest spotlight ever.
I’m doing this so I can find the world where I can see that possibility.
I’m fine.
I’m going to become a great Fixer just like my mother.
I’m gonna forget how to move at this rate… If I told my friends about this, they’re so gonna whine like “Well, isn’t it a good thing that you have a lot of free time~” or “You’re well off, we’re about to starve from the lack of requests~”.
I’m guessing they decided it’s gotta stay the most whatsit place.
I’m honestly not very good at forming an impression of something when I just hear or read about it… So I told them I don’t get it, and then they said maybe going to the Library would help.
I’m not a huge fan of the jobs I’m doing right now, of course.
I’m not here for senseless chatter.
I’m not sure what word I should use to define this.
I’m sometimes in awe of the shit they pull.
I’m sure each of us had different specialties.
I’m sure you have lots of questions, but I sadly can’t give out detailed answers.
I’m talking about stuff like weapons, and Office interior… You know, those kinda things.
I’m the daughter of a small workshop owner.
I’ve been practicing with them to create a performance that could get a standing ovation once my old bandmates come back.
I’ve got my share of rough experiences, I’m just not sharing it with others.
I’ve realized my limit.
I’ve seen countless Fixers who brought private matters to the official grounds, only to meet undesirable results.
I’ve yet to be friends with her… but she seems like a good person, too.
J Corp.
Jack’s Page
Jae-heon’s Page
Jia Mu proceeded to orchestrate events that would result in the massacre of the Kong Family; under her rule, there's no social mobility to speak of.
Jikan’s Page
Jin’s Page
Julia’s Page
Just around this corner, I can hear a child crying; she’s sitting in front of a door.
Just be polite, and know to respect others.
Just going as far as scribbling down the Laws on a notebook is liable for them to send a Taboo Hunter on you - even though knowing the Laws is vital for navigating the Great Lake itself, forcing sailors to mentally remember them and spread information orally.
Just know that this power isn’t omnipotent.
Just like the Arbiters directly from the Head, these agents spell certain doom for the offender.
Just look at me, though!
Just looking at the meat from ‘Little Piggy's’ fills me with ideas about how to cook it and makes my mouth water.
Just see how intimidating we look.
Just then, Gebura starts smoking, and ignores Chesed's comment not to smoke near the books.
Just three of them prove to be a Hopeless Boss Fight for a heavily weakened Library.
K Corp advertises their healing Singularity as highly advanced Nanomachines.
K Corp, I Corp, R Corp, and possibly other Wings, sided against the old L Corp.
K Corp.
Kali receives mimicry from these experiments.
Kalo’s Page
Katriel’s Page
Keter Meltdown
KeterIcon.pngFloor of General Works Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5
Knowing this, I decided to remind ourselves of one thing when we plighted our troth: Whatever happens to each other, we won’t put ourselves at risk.
Known Distortions
Known Employees
Known as a "Nest of Gambling".
Known employees
Kromer
Kurokumo Clan
Kurokumo Clan Chapter 2.1 1 Book of The Carnival
KurokumoClanIcon
KurokumoClanIcon.pngKurokumo Clan (Episode 1) • MusiciansofBremenIcon.pngMusicians of Bremen (Episode 1) • WedgeOfficeIcon.pngWedge Office (Episode 1) • LoveTownIcon.pngLove Town (Episode 1)
L Corp's founders planned to reform the City by allowing all of its inhabitants to come to terms with and fully realize their emotions, which would then give them power through the manifestation of E.G.O.
L Corp.
L'heure du Loup
L8372-#928: ‘Eat 15 Sweepers and extract silk from them to make fabric.’
Lapis gets replaced by charon and garnet becomes a stone/cocoon
Larierre
Laser-Guided Amnesia: Their true Singularity is Material Restoration, where they could restore insane, heavily mutilated or mutant passengers back to something very similar to their former state in just one click of a button.
Latest Appearance Library of Ruina
Laundry of Dreams
Leaflet Workshop… It’s a good place!
Legalized Evil: There's no regulation preventing Wings from doing almost any scummy or horrific act up in the air, including monstrous human experiments, usage of repulsive singularities or wrecking chaos inside the Nests of other Wings.
Lenny’s Page
Lesti’s Page
Let us begin, then.
Let’s go on an adventure—a world that changes with every step.
Let’s make a performance about what’s already come true, not of a supposed reality you hope for “someday”!
Level 1+: One type of damage becomes illuminated in the cross at the top of the screen.
Level 1+: Removes all immunities to Qliphoth Meltdowns of the other departments.
Level 1+: The HUD of the game is blurry and pixelated.
Level 1+: The stats of all Agents in the facility are reduced by -15.
Level 1+: Work type buttons no longer necessarily order the corresponding work type.
Level 2+: Background music changes.
Level 3+: Background Music changes.
Level 4+: Background music changes.
Level 6+: Three types of damage are boosted.
Level 7+: Background music changes.
Leviathan events happen
Library Of Ruina
LibraryIcon.png Terminology:
LibraryIcon.png Wiki Directory
Libray of ruina events happen
Light Is Not Good: Seemingly their recurring motif.
Light doesn't shine for 4 days, known as white nights and dark days
Light shines for 3 days
Like a wave of water, we sweep everything in our way, except for those who are strong enough to resist it.
Like the Head and the Eye, the Claw itself is not a Wing, but it directly runs C Corp.[13]
Likes
Likewise, it can split a fused one into two functional entities that formerly made it up.
Limbus Company
Limbus Company Canto I: The Outcast
Limbus Company reveals that it was formerly owned by the now-defunct Kong family, of which Jia Qiu is the last survivor.
Limbus happens
Liquid is the substance that fuels our body.
List of known Wings
Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary and Big and Will be Bad Wolf fighting it out.
Little did I know that it’d be the one choice I’d regret the most… I begged and nagged at my parents, wanting to achieve that stupid dream.
Little is known about its exact Singularity, culture or goals.
Little things can set off massive twists, like the flap of a butterfly’s wings causing a tornado… And even I’m afraid of bearing that risk.
Liu Association Section 1
Liu Association Section 1 Chapter 2.3 1 Book of Mei
Liu Association Section 2
Liu Association Section 2 Chapter 1.3 2 Episode 1: Unstable Book of the Crying Children
Liu Association is a battle-oriented Fixer Association specializing in all-out combat; we receive requests from Wings and fight great battles for them.
LiuAssociationIcon
Liwei’s Page
LobCorpIcon.png Other:
Lobotomy Corporation Binah Pre-Meltdown Story
Lobotomy Corporation had the unique ability to produce "Enkephalin" (엔케팔린, Enkepallin), a substance extracted from Abnormalities whenever they feel satisfied.
Lobotomy Corporation possesses a variety of Abnormalities, using them for study, power generation, and the harvest of E.G.O.
Lobotomy Corporation was the Wing and titular corporation whose main facility you manage in Lobotomy Corporation.
Lobotomy Corporation's singularity is known to create Enkephalin which serves as both a drug and a power source.
Lobotomy Corporation.The most recent Wing to collapse.
Lobotomy Corp—the company that was supplying our energy needs—went down recently.
Located in one part of the Great Lake.
Locations
Locations The City (Districts - Nests - Backstreets) - Outskirts - Ruins - The Library - HamHamPangPang
Locations The City (Districts - Nests - Backstreets) - Outskirts - Ruins - The Library - The Great Lake - The Black Forest - HamHamPangPang
Logical Weakness: The WARP Trains stall everything in time, except for one thing - will and desire.
Logo.png P Corp.
Logo.pngH Corp.
Logo.pngI Corp.
Logo.pngK Corp.
Logo.pngL Corp.
Logo.pngN Corp.
Logo.pngR Corp.
Logo.pngS Corp.
Logo.pngT Corp.
Logo.pngU Corp.
Logo.pngW Corp.
Logs unlocks entries and story related information and the Methods unlocks information about the Abnormality, like its effects and ways to use it.
Long ago, there was a battle between huge Syndicates.
Looking back, I don’t think what I felt was envy or jealousy.
Loophole Abuse: How R Corp gets around the taboo that limits cloning to train their troops.
Loophole Abuse: Subverted.
Lots of people ask me what I’m going to such great lengths to see.
Love Town Chapter 2.4 1 Book of Alloc
LoveTownIcon
Lowell’s Page
Luckily, the latter has an indicator of when she can use it safely.
Luda
Luda (Unmarked Spoilers)
Luda demonstrates this, banishing the Library, along with the entire L Corp.
Lulu’s Friend, Page 1
Lulu’s Friend, Page 2
Lulu’s Friend, Page 3
Lulu’s Friend, Page 4
Lulu’s Page
Lulu’s is one of those Offices.
Lyla’s Page
M Corp.
M: Unknown - possibly 'Mythical'
MDM Entreprise.
Mad Scientist: It speaks volumes when the chief employees splice people with insect genes and turn them into monsters.
Made of Indestructium: Limbus Company implies that one of X Corp's specialties is creating metal alloys with unmatched durability, which are often used for equipment for some of the City's finest such as Colors.
Madrid, who was standing in front of me, was struck with one of the needles.
Magic Antidote: Their Singularity is to create bullets and medicine that can cure almost any wound, provided that the target's brain is still intact.
Magic from Technology: As enforcers of the ones who control the flow of Singularities, Arbiters are somehow innately enhanced with said technologies to the point of turning them essentially into sorcerers.
Magically Binding Contract: What many of their runic talismans boil down to, only activating their highly supernatural effects if those runes' specifically defined condition have been met.
Main Story
Main article: The Claw
Main article: The Eye
Main article: The Head
Make myself happy that way.
Malkuth Meltdown
Malkuth and Netzach point out how she used to say she hated all four of them and considered herself superior.
Malkuth clarifies they were mostly talking about receiving guests, though Yesod was also annoyed that there were many stacks of books in the Library's hallways that no one had cleaned up yet.
Malkuth rarely even saw Tiphereth back during the days of Lobotomy Corporation, since their departments were so far apart.
Malkuth reassures her all of them are willing to help, even if Netzach tends to complain.
Malkuth's Boss appearance
Malkuth's Core Suppression is available after Day 21 if Tiphereth's third mission and Malkuth's fourth mission are completed.
Malkuth's handicaps against the facility are the following:
Malkuth, Yesod, Hod, and Netzach are on the TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Natural Sciences, helping Tiphereth to sort books; Netzach is less than happy about having to work.
MalkuthIcon.pngFloor of History - YesodIcon.pngFloor of Technological Sciences - HodIcon.pngFloor of Literature - NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art
MalkuthIcon.pngFloor of History Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Managerial Works: Helpful notes that inform about the effects and 'rules' to handle the Abnormality.
Manages all other Wings and handles Singularity and technology patents, along with other important aspects of City government.
Manages all other Wings and handles Singularity and technology patents.
Mang-chi’s Page
Many Tailors will only give their best fabric once the trust between them and their client has been established after complex turns of events.
Many Wings and other organizations, not to mention everyday Cityfolk, were discontented with L Corp.
Many of their backstreets residents are visibly malformed because of overuse of the surgeries (since they don't account for any side effects or cross-compatability issues), and walk around the city in a daze.
Many people are under the impression that W Corp’s Singularity is quick transportation via teleportation.
Many people whom insurance companies employ are those who have experience with detective work involving investigations and deduction.
Man~ Talking about ‘em makes me miss my ol’ friends.
Mao Branch
Markets itself as a private military company with some of the most elite combatants in the entire City.
Marksman of the Mist
Mars’ Page
Martina’s Page
Mass Teleportation: It is revealed at the end of the game in the Golden Ending that Beholders are able to banish Impurities of the City by teleporting them into the Outskirts.
Masterminded by Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias, the war caused the collapse of the L Corp.
Maxim
Maxim even notes the awkward situation that they were left in after L Corp.
Maxim is certainly a melee fighter, but Rudolph is definitely ranged.
Maxim's Ground Crash is a mass-summation attack that consumes all of his Charge stacks to unleash a single devastating blow.
Maxim's Page
Maxim’s Complete Page
Maxim’s Page
May you rest in peace, at the very least.
Maybe I just didn’t want to accept it.
Maybe I said people guessed our secret right—because our lives aren’t much different from a machine’s.
Maybe I was better off back then.
Maybe Oscar was right.
Maybe it was because I got to drink with my old friend after a long while, or maybe it was the honor of having a seat with the famous captain of the Rabbit Team, but I was in a mighty good mood.
Maybe it was the shock of confronting an unbelievable situation paralyzing the human brain, or the brain beginning to believe that it’s only a dream and marveling at the scene, but I was just standing still and staring at what was going on.
Maybe it’s because they have this oppressive aura and make us look serious or something?!
Maybe she didn’t want me to feel too much pressure.
Maybe there’ll be someone who can ride along with the flow, rather than break it.
Maybe they had the right answer, though they missed the mark a bit.
Maybe they launched an assault on the Syndicate while it was still struggling to recover from the loss of the Underboss and his Capos.
Maybe they’re worried I’m too inexperienced to handle tougher stuff.
Maybe those were the days when we could laugh and lament the most, and carry out our lives just like that.
Maybe we all expected it to happen deep down.
McCullin’s Page
Meat Grinder Surgery: Their true Singularity of resetting someone back to the time they were "recorded" requires them to be moved back to their spot at the time of recording.
Mechanics Abnormality Pages - Achievements - Battle Symbols - Books - Builds and Decks - Combat Pages - E.G.O.
Media Lobotomy Corporation - WonderLab - Library Of Ruina - The Distortion Detective - Leviathan - Limbus Company
Meeting - Cutscene 1
MegaCorp/One Nation Under Copyright: It and the rest of the Wings are corporations so powerful that they are literally the governing body themselves.
MegaCorp: Combined with One Nation Under Copyright.
Mei’s Page
Meltdown of Dark Fog: A gray Qliphoth Meltdown.
Meltdown of Gold: A gold Qliphoth Meltdown.
Meltdown of Pillars: A cyan Qliphoth Meltdown.
Meltdown of Waves: A purple Qliphoth Meltdown.
Members
Meow’s Page
Mersault goes for the latter interpretation, but they have multiple employees that aren't Inquisitors.
Messianic Archetype: L Corp.
Metaphorically True: The WARP Trains do arrive to their destination within 10 seconds...
Metaphorically True: They're known as one of the more "well-to go" Wings that are way more lenient towards their citizens with a rather safe Nest.
Meursault, Limbus Company, Episode 3-11
Might fit them, but that doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll have a good time with it.
Mika’s Page
Mind Rape: The Reindeer Team's specialty is to damage the mind, so hard that they weren't used as private security units for L Corp.
Minor employees of J Corp.
Mirinae’s Page
Miris’ Page
Misapplied Phlebotinum: Their true Singularity allows them to restore anything to any previous state, at any time.
Mi’s Page
Mo told me to stop dreaming about it.
Molar Office
Molar Office Chapter 2.2 1 Book of Walter
MolarOfficeIcon
Moments of loneliness will come as I live.
Money is also required in case of unexpected events.
Money rules this City.
Monochrome Past: Enforced by the Wing: the entire District lacks colour - not just the buildings, but the people and everything in it too, giving everything the look of a yellowed, monochrome photograph.
Monsters
More Dakka: The Rabbit Team's signature ability.
More options means you need to be more cautious about choosing the right one for you.
More than anything, she does not wish to be alone.
More unsettlingly, it's implied that W Corp.
Moses then started thinking, presumably ruminating over what words to choose.
Most Fixers will probably think in the same way.
Most abilities will include the Abnormality breaching the Containment Unit.
Most cooks who live here have the same dream: becoming one of ‘The Eight Chefs’!
Most folks do appreciate that they’re kee’ing ‘em safe, though.
Most of our jobs come from the requests the Offices get, so we’re virtually out of work without them.
Most of the Prescripts we receive can be solved with a sword, too.
Most of them are smaller than us.
Most of us have to purchase equipment with our own budget.
Most of your income’s gone in a flash.
Most other Associations only deal with Stars of the City or lower.
Most passengers started training under the Color’s guidance in order to attain some kind of enlightenment.
Most petty of all, these Inquisitors have also smashed most of the electrical appliances in the village they're massacring with their nails save for the PA system.
Most requests that come our way aren’t complicated.
Most residents in Nest J are relying on a special entity.
Most who seek to join us sit at lowly social positions.
Mostly includes object-like Abnormalities that are not appended to the 01, 02, or 03 designations.
Mother will give you all the assistance you need.
Mo’s Page
Mrs.
MuMu’s Page
Much like how a Wing's feathers must pay taxes to their Wing, each Wing also has to pay taxes to the Head.[14]
Much like how a foundation influences the structures that stand on it, these principles serve as a basis for all Associations to uphold.
Multiple Gifts can be equipped by a single Agent, as long as they don't occupy the same slot.
Multiple arm-like black appendages come out from the central body, each holding part of Chesed's robotic hull, except for one which holds Chesed's Lobotomy Corporation coffee cup.
Mundane Utility: Although they're most famous for their ability to restore any wound instantly, K Corp also uses their healing bullets on livestock to genetically modify and mass-produce meat products.
Mundane Utility: Among all the impressive feats that their Singularity allows, such as the TT2 Protocol used in L Corp's facility or heavily speeding up R Corp's cloning process to create super-honed troops, they also used it to create a cooking pot for HamHamPangPang if Roland is to be believed.
Mundane Utility: Their Singularity is also used to create giant tubs of ice cream (which Myo is incredibly fond of) according to the LOR artbook.
Music:
Musicians of Bremen
Musicians of Bremen Chapter 2.2 1 Book of Full-Stop Office
MusiciansofBremenIcon
Must’ve been some no-good showoff who told you that… Kid, that’s just our dream and nothing more.
My assumption is that colors are used because giving people hues representative of them makes it easier to refer to and remember them by.
My body acted before my head could decide what to do.
My capability wasn’t vast enough to embrace every member of the team.
My eyes dazzled by colorful light, I pursue pleasures that I don’t have.
My father dreamed to make his little brand famous one day.
My father was a victim of fraud.
My head was kept cool, while my heart leading the body was aflame.
My heart is already pumping with excitement…
My heart was racing with fright, but looking at his shivering legs made me chuckle a little on the inside.
My mother was a Fixer with a high grade that every one of my peers would dream of reaching.
My prayers didn’t work.
My response to it is always the same: Take the flower that’s slipped into my hand and nail it into the mannequin’s heart.
My story ain’t nothing special around here.
My two hands were once so busy that it was a bother; they had paused for the time, but now they are about to move again—just for you.
Myo
Myo and I are old friends.
Myo even calls her "granny".
Myo initially has Savage Mode, which doesn't have a Charge requirement and activates a Super Mode granting her +1 Dice Power and turning her melee pages into ranged ones.
Myo’s Complete Page
Myo’s Page
N Corp.
Nagel und Hammer.
Name Chapter Episodes Books used in the Invitation
Nameless Fetus).
Nanomachines: What their Singularity supposedly is, nanomachine solutions that work to restore damaged tissue and bodily functions.
Naoki’s Page
Narnia Time: Several seconds to minutes had only passed in the real world while millenniums had past inside the dimension where the WARP Train is in.
Naturally, Limbus Company has to go there in Intervallo 4.5 to get Mephistopheles some aquatic modifications.
Near the end of the game, Angela identifies them as such, intending to rebuild the Library to specifically take them down.
Needless to say, he is not fit for a heavily fatigued Library to deal with.
Needless to say, the Backstreet residents don’t even think about crossing the border, regardless of how insecure it looks.
Nemo’s Page
Nest right into the Outskirts.
Nest, into the Outskirts.
Netzach Meltdown
Netzach and his assistants are drunk and reeking of alcohol.
Netzach notes that Angela didn't scold them for slacking off.
Netzach offers Hokma a drink, but knows that the latter will not accept, which Hokma soon confirms.
Netzach offers for Chesed and Tiphereth to drink with them, noting that they rarely meet up.
Netzach says he doesn't understand Hokma's words and never had, but thanks him for the advice anyways.
Netzach says he is unsure, as he is afraid of setting his mind on something only to find it is wrong.
Netzach says that he was going to clean even though he didn't want to, but Roland came by and showed him a place to hide and slack off in exchange for some of Netzach's beer.
Netzach's Boss appearance
Netzach's Core Suppression is available after Day 21 if Hod's suppression is completed.
Netzach's handicaps against the facility are the following:
NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Never Mess with Granny: Nikolai is the leader of the entire 4th Pack, and can kick your ass with her sword.
Never showing her emotions in response anything, but thoroughly looking after herself.
Nevertheless, the destructiveness of the Pianist, and other subsequent incidents appearing with no seeming cause, led many groups to begin investigating the phenomenon, such as the ZweiAssociationIcon.png Zwei Association.
New Abnormalities don't possess any information unlocked and only their Subject Number will be displayed for their name.
Newcomers who’ve only just become Fixers or incompetent planks who can’t handle their work properly should be content with any Office that accepts them.
Next, we break the enemy’s will.
Nikolai
Nikolai's Page
Nikolai’s Complete Page
Nikolai’s Page
Nine out of ten are resolved by simply marching towards enemies and defeating them in battle.
No choice but to live like this.”
No corpses, no weapons, no nuthin’.
No deed is forbidden… No one is held responsible.
No matter how far a Syndicate climbs and tries, you just can’t surpass the Five Fingers at the top.
No matter how high your rank is in a small enterprise, you might not earn much more than a Fixer in the Section 6 of an Association.
No matter how humble your job is, you’re still obliged to pay your duties if you earn money.
No matter how much she read, however, she always reached the same conclusion.
No matter how you usually behave, you must remember your place and respect our rules when you’re dealing with the Thumb.
No matter the outcome, An Arbiter will have her defenses decreased to Endured (0.8) and will select another spot to move to.
No matter what folks say, the Night in the Backstreets starts at 3:13 and ends at 4:34, ne’er too early or late by a single second, every time~
No no, I’m sure you can feel it inside.
No one knows how it works, but the experience so far suggests that this phenomenon is a manifestation of strong emotional desires and explosive surges of feelings."
No organization in the City that operates without abiding formal procedures can be trusted.
No outsider is exempt from this rule.
No power is conveniently given to you in this world, after all; there’s always a price you need to pay, and there is a world I yearn to reach, no matter that price.
No rest will be eternal.
No two Prescripts are the same in any way; as well as their contents being completely different from each other, you can’t expect when and where you’ll receive one.
No use glaring at me like that, pal.
No visible changes besides a blur at the start.
No, I don’t blame myself for the choice in that moment.
No, I’m not lying.
No, maybe it wasn’t so sudden.
No, we were in fact part of a homicidal Syndicate.
No-Sell: Baral gains an effect at the start of battle that allows him to negate all damage from a single attack with a dice value of 30 or greater.
No-Sell: The majority of Zena's pages ignore Power gain or loss on both themselves and the pages clashing with them.
Noah’s Page
Nobody knows the motive behind all of this, either.
Noises of teeth grinding, bones crackling, mingling with flesh.
Not Me This Time: Whatever incited the Smoke War wasn't the corporation's actual fault; Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias simply wanted a convenient target and found one to strike.
Not a chance.
Not even taking a video during the Night of the Backstreets, the very act of filming is enough for N Corp to send a Taboo Hunter on you.
Not even the Thumb, one of the Five Fingers sitting at the apex of the Backstreets, can just waste bullets willy-nilly… That’s how costly it gets.
Not even the big n’ tough crooks of the Fingers can touch this!
Not every notary public Office has the same level of professionalism, after all…
Not every piece of fabric is accessible, however.
Not everyone in the Thumb can abide the rules without a slip-up.
Not just because I never saw the Red Mist again… or Gebura, as she is called now.
Not just because their level of knowledge and manner of speech was lamentably inferior, no.
Not only do all the security measures stop, peeking at folk as a whole is banned during these hours!
Not quite.
Not that I expect you to care for such details.
Not that I think I have some hidden talent that deserves a better grade or anything, though.
Not that we need it, since our latest weapon passed on the first try!
Not to be confused with Lobotomy Corp, the previous L Corp.
Not to be confused with Lobotomy Corp.
Notable Agents
Notable Employees
Notably, T Corp's Hubert, who's dissatisfied with his own Wing's suffering, is among the more affable leaders of the Wings, yet his District is so dystopian that colour is a commodity only for the rich and time is a currency that not everyone has 24 hours a day of.
Notably, even other Wings aren't safe from its Taboos outside its district, showing that it stands head and shoulders above all other Wings as their leader.
Notably, the Taboos are always in effect, even during the Night of the Backstreets.
Notably, they are also the only entities of the City other than the Head's own troops that are permitted access to lethal, high quality firearms.
Notarization is the process of drafting a document to officially certify a deal between two Offices in case things happen… A notarial act is fairly powerful.
Note that most of these Wings' full names are still unknown.
Noted to be currently in great political turmoil.
Nothing There).
Nothing could possibly beat the glitter in her eyes that shines as she pioneers a new path.
Now exposed, the other Librarians realize Roland also smells of alcohol.
Now then, let’s try again next time.
Numerous needles were dispersed upon the explosion, flying in all directions.
Nyeh, listen up, you stubborn square!
O Corp.
O: Original
Obfuscating Insanity: K Corp is actually just as insane as the other Wings (although only because of the change of management to a much more industrialized, sociopathic manager), it's just very good at hiding it.
Observation Levels: When unlocking completely one of the sections, it will grant an Observation Level, up to 4 levels.
Obvious Rule Patch: Wishpower is explicably forbidden to be used in casinos, thanks to it allowing anyone who gathered enough of it to basically con the business or other players out of tons of money in luck based games.
Occasionally she will throw Heaven (The Burrowing Heaven's E.G.O.
Occupation(s) Sephirah of L Corp (Formerly)
Of course, Associations shouldn’t have to worry about running out of requests in the first place.
Of course, if the Head demands our service, we must assemble, day or night.
Of course, it’d be even better to get specially made workshop devices that use a special technology to muffle the sound of gunfire, but… Don’t expect too much.
Of course, our Office isn’t perfect in every regard, so we’re in partnership with a number of other Offices.
Of course, some people will have their eyes fixed to the ground—too busy to gaze at anything other than their path ahead; however, once a person sets their eyes on a Star, they begin to head towards it, using its guidance like a compass.
Of course, the Liu doesn’t have the exclusive right to use it, so you can see it on the clothes of other Fixers and Syndicate members, too.
Of course, the range or size of things that can be locked will depend on how much you pay.
Of course, their Dark Secret is that their Singularity is actually Material Reconstruction, which gives the hollowed out W of their logo even more redundancy.
Of course, there won’t be much to do if the area is too small or peaceful.
Of course, we have a duty of confidentiality to uphold for our clients.
Of course… not all accidents will fit the insurance’s bill perfectly.
Offices, Associations, and even Syndicates can be hired by the Wings to perform tasks a Wing does not specialize in or does not want to be directly linked with.
Offstage Villainy: Characters in-game constantly state how dangerous and volatile the Head is, but very little of that is visible or documented anywhere in Library of Ruina.
Often, these patent wars will eventually develop into physical warfare between the involved Wings.
Often, these wars eventually develop into physical warfare between the involved Wings.
Oh, I was talking about the kinds of guns me and Tamaki use, not firearms in general.
Oh, I’m not saying you necessarily have to be tall to be a butcher, so don’t be discouraged.
Oh, about Yun’s Office… I think it’s a really nice place.
Oh, and I believe there is a small misunderstanding between us.
Oh, and I heard some workshops have membership clubs!
Oh, and the City is divided into domains… It’s similar to how the Zwei Association sets territories for policing; it’s fair to expect at least one notary public Office in every domain.
Oh, and there’s tons of good restaurants here.
Oh, bionic equipment is pretty simple; it’s like a weapon you attach to your body.
Oh, in case you’re wondering… This ain’t a Singularity or anything.
Oh, no, we don’t just clone humans and call it a day.
Oh, our Office records counseling with our clients by principle.
Oh, speaking of, sausages are made from a mix of several different kinds of meat.
Oh, they don’t have access to top-secret intels like the secrets of the Singularities each Nest holds, obviously speaking.
Oink’s Page
Old G Corp.
Old L Corp.
Old-fashioned swords or guns won’t stand a chance against modern weapons loaded with new technology, I bet.
Olga’s Page
Olivier’s Page
On Agent Panic:
On Breach:
On solid armor, there was a layer of something tough and dense, but it wasn’t fabric… A veil of mist was covering me.
On the BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy, Binah asks Gebura and Hod what they think of her now that all their memories of their past lives have returned.
On the other hand, Director Xiao tends to push forward as long as there is an opportunity to count on, but she isn’t reckless about it; she designs elaborate strategies that will overcome the odds.
On the other hand, Hod is still nervous, and doesn't even speak until Gebura urges her not to think of Binah as the same being as the one from their past, saying Binah will no longer harm them.
On the other hand, if you don’t have the capability, you should be thankful for any org that accepts you and stay low.
On the other hand, someone with the right level of authority or person of a higher class would be a different story.
On the other hand, the Backstreets at night are filled with raw and blatant barbarity; not even a layer of crude cover is there to censor this brutality.
On the other hand, this ring for example lets me deliver a harder blow with my punches, but it chafes the skin of my hand at the same time.
On top of exerting power for his private interest, his selfish actions are causing severe damage to Section 2… All of us are eagerly waiting for Director Yujin to overthrow this rotten system one day.
On top of that, a special property of her ranged attacks simply erases opposing dice at no risk to herself.
On top of that, the Distortions are making things worse for Associations and the residents of the Nest… According to the report from the powers up above, there are three major factions of note currently remaining in the Nest: The Index, R Corp, and the Blue Reverberation and his group.
On top of that, we give out Fixer licenses, issue official documents about certain requests, and assign Colors to Fixers who prove themselves to be beyond the grading system.
Once Ayin kick-started the Smoke War, everyone that caught wind of it took the chance to wipe it off the grid.
Once I had hope, I could see the way—and once I could see where to go, I had the strength to get up.
Once again, nothing in this world is free.
Once she reaches her final destination, she performs a flurry of attacks with Twilight, dealing 90-110 of a random type of damage 10 times to every employee in the room.
Once they realize that it couldn’t possibly have been anyone else’s doing but yours, it’ll be too late.
Once this happens, the new Wing will either buy the collapsed Nest from the holding Syndicate, or hire Fixers or other Syndicates to kick said holder out.
One World Order: As the City seems to be the last bastion of civilization in this world and the Head rules the City, they can be considered the rulers of all of humanity.
One day, a mysterious person approached us and asked us to join his ensemble and perform with him… Woof, Doodle-doo, and Heehaw took the offer and left with that guy.
One day, it asked a sharp question: “Don’t you desire a human shell as well?” When I think back on it, the question might not have been aimed at me specifically.
One day, some rich person visited us and said that a war will break out soon.
One does not easily...
One is about physical fitness while the other is more about mental prowess, so to speak.
One last thing I’d like to add is that there is a line Fixers shouldn’t cross; a Fixer may advertise themself or their Office to get more requests, but they should not threaten people to give requests to them.
One might think that they would had been attacked instantly since the Ensemble was plotting a bare-faced rebellion against them, but they obviously didn't care about it.
One moment you could be talking to someone, the next moment you're split in half because you violated a taboo unknowingly.
One of R Corp's mercenary units.
One of the Head's Beholders.
One of the Taboos of N Corp is filming anywhere on their district.
One of the gun control laws prohibits not just researching, but also imagining law-infringing firearms, as elaborated upon in Tamaki's Key Page Story.
One of the major parties involved in the Smoke War, on the side of Old L Corp.
One of the major parties involved in the Smoke War, siding against Old L Corp.
One of the major parties involved in the Smoke War.
One of their crews goes into the Library to recover the books of the Puppets, since the information contained within them could ruin W Corp.
One particular instance has a factory owner complaining that his employees aren't producing product quickly enough and threatens to cut their pay, which would in short, make them take even longer to do their jobs.
One thing I understood was that only I could hear that voice, and that it rang in my head rather than my ears.
One thing I’m afraid of is that hell of a selection game.
One thing to keep in mind is that your position in your job doesn’t always guarantee a high income.
One, two… Black marbles fall from the wounds.
Only Known by Their Nickname: Most of the Wings are usually denoted by a letter of the alphabet with "Corp." at the end.
Only in It for the Money: A good chunk of lower leveled employees in the series only really care about their job security and benefits, but it’s thoroughly averted with the upper management of a Wing.
Only the Head has the authority to decide that.
Only then will we launch an attack on enemy forces.
Only those who crave it visit us.
Opening your eyes comes next.
Operated as an energy supplier.
Or are you just bragging.
Or at least that is what we were told about.
Or maybe I was so panicked that my hair had turned white.
Or so I thought… I stopped talking.
Or, you might have noticed the Syndicate members as soon as you stepped into the wrong alley and quickly got back on track.
Ordeals
Ordeals (시련, siryeon) are created as a byproduct from the extractions and Negative Enkephalin produced by the Abnormalities within the Lobotomy Corporation Headquarters.
Ordeals, like Abnormalities, are beings that can represent past traumas and any conceptual idea imaginable, embodying any possibility from the past, present, and future.
Order Is Not Good: They're very fanatical and order-obsessed, to the point that seemingly minor infractions can result in execution.
Ordered work can no longer be canceled in any way.
Origin
Originates from beyond the City or this reality, unknown cause of birth, naturally occurring phenomena, or were manufactured by humans.
Origins
Or…”
Oscar is good friends with Salvador—the man running that Office—and they’ve known each other for quite some time, but there’s more to this sisterhood than that.
Oscar’s Page
Oswald’s Page
Other
Other Keter Realization • Epilogue (cut)
Other effects include:
Other:
Others say that Rats are a pathetic bunch who were too incompetent to join even the smallest Syndicate let alone a Wing.
Others such as R Corp and Lobotomy Corporation are ruthless in pursuit of their goals, but have a more affable code of conduct outside of that.
Our Association calls the shots on pretty much everything regarding Fixer activity.
Our body is composed of liquid.
Our current boss… was originally the representative of an Office we raided.
Our lives are subordinate to layer upon layer of hierarchy.
Our meat pie bistro used to frequently trade with ‘The Musicians of Bremen’ and ‘Little Piggy's’.
Our operator Yun is a bit cold, but he teaches me a lot of things, and there’s also Eri, who’s my senior.
Our personalities, powers, and strengths are all wildly different, but we still do most of our missions in packs.
Our personalities, powers, and strengths vary so greatly that it’s hard to imagine us working together… Nonetheless, we move in packs for most missions.
Outside Relations
Outside of Renaud, the person who helped us, we’ve only ever seen Maugris and Astolfo, who he would sometimes accompany… And someone called Bradamante.
Outside of special occasions, we’d use them for making experimental dishes or sausages.
Outside of weapons and martial arts, the most important thing that provides us with protection is our clothing.
Outside this, many Wings have yet to be properly introduced.
Overconfidence is the greatest enemy.
Overview
Owns District 11.[30] Their Singularity revolves around healing wounds and injuries (both physical and mental) quickly.[31]
Owns District 14.
P Corp.
PE-Boxes are positive energy that will be collected at the end of the task and added to the Energy Quota, while NE-Boxes are negative energy that is discarded as a 'fail work', which will also damage the employee working with the Abnormality.
PE-Boxes, the most popular container for Enkaphalin.
Pages - Emotion Level - Floor Realization - Guests - Invitation - Key Pages (Key Page Stories - Passive Abilities) - Librarians - Library - Manual - Reception - Small Stories - Stats - Status Effects
Pages in category "Locations"
Pain, agony, regrets, and the shadow of the past- referring to the original employees of Lobotomy- that has spent time with A is no match to their time together, as they didn't know him.
Pairs and ‘Families’
Pamela’s Page
Pameli’s Page
Papa Bongy
Patron Librarian
Patron Librarians (1 C, 11 P)
Patron Librarians' Stories
Pausing Game Speed is disabled.
People can’t understand me because of that, and even I have difficulty explaining myself.
People entertain the hopes as they please, and then bite at each other when the change they expected doesn’t happen.
People have hopes and dreams!
People here aren’t too unkind to each other.
People in the Backstreets live from day to day with their lives on the line, and their struggle is nothing more than entertainment to those who live inside the Nest.
People just accept what they got and live on.
People say that the Head put heavy restrictions on firearms because they don’t want its denizens to be harmed too easily.
People started making guesses.
People think Fixers are “good guys” who fight off bad guys here, but they’re just humans in reality.
People who earn 4 million Ahn or more per month can be considered the upper middle class.
Perhaps I had been under the impression that love is a concept that is utterly distant from me.
Perhaps my heart has grown stronger since I met her.
Perhaps that’s become an obsolete ideology, one that’s no longer worth keeping.
Perhaps they deemed it a waste to spend any more energy on us.
Perhaps they were eliminated in their mission at the hands of the Church… Or, if the Blue Reverberation expected the Fixers’ arrival and toyed with them, then I will definitely have to get to the Library and read their books.
Personal Information
Pete’s Page
Pete’s a huge idiot.
Phase 1: An Arbiter summons Special Qliphoth Meltdowns: Meltdowns of Dark Fog and Meltdowns of Gold.
Phase 1: The Red Mist stands in the upper section of Disciplinary's Main Room.
Phase 2: Background music changes.
Phase 3: Upon entering this Phase, The Red Mist will throw Mimicry to the side she's facing and Da Capo to the opposite side, the weapons flying through the facility like with her Heaven attack and dealing 300 Red or White damage to anyone hit.
Phase 4: Background music changes.
Phases of her suppression will be the same as during the Binah Core Suppression with two differences in the boss:
Phases of her suppression will be the same as during the Gebura Core Suppression, but she has 1800 HP instead of 3000 HP, 40% less than the original.
Philip’s Page
Picking the right people to meet the demands of the client is the most important.
Pierre's Bistro
Pierre'sBistroIcon
Pierre'sBistroIcon.pngPierre’s Bistro (Episode 1) • StreetlightOfficeIcon.pngStreetlight Office (Episode 1 - Episode 2)
Pierre’s Bistro Chapter 1 1 Book of Taein
Pierre’s Page
Pillar: It will condense Fairy into a pillar in front of its direction, inflicting a random damage type which can be identified by its color and shoot it across the facility in a straight line, horizontally.
Please be careful.
Please bear with us as we fully realize the Page of Distortions!
Plenty of others are making use of it, apparently.
Pluto’s Page
Pm timeline (spoilers for every game obviously)
Point is, that Wing discovered a way to open gates between dimensions.
Poor Screenwriter's Note, Hammer of Light and Price of Silence are Legacy Abnormalities that weren't brought back into the new version.
Poor bastard.
Poor fellow begged for help, but the Office personnel didn’t even flinch.
Portrayals
Post-Final Boss: Him and Zena serve as the last opponents of the game's Golden Ending, after the player has bested the Reverb Ensemble Distorted.
Post-Final Boss: She and Baral serve as the last opponents of the game's Golden Ending, after the player has bested the Reverb Ensemble Distorted.
Powered Armor: Maxim and the Rhino Team in general wears massive and heavily built armor.
Powerful Pick: X Corp's Expedition Order of Excavation knights wield massive two-handed pickaxes as their weapons of choice.
Presumably, the third designation represents the order the Abnormalities were extracted in (i.e., implying F-01-02, Scorched Girl, was the second type of Abnormality to have been extracted, for example).
Pretty much everything going on in the City can be described as ‘savage’, but the other parts of the City at least put up the effort to package them in gentlemanly guises.
Previous L Corp.
Private Military Contractors: Their entire role as a corporation.
Private military company with some of the most elite combatants in the entire City.
Professional Information
Proselytes, Messengers, and Proxies are as much as I know.
Protection isn’t some volunteer service you can get for free.
Proving Oneself (Day 46)
Psychic Block Defense: The primary use of the moonlight stone is to mitigate psychological afflictions and attacks.
Psychotic Smirk: Just like her former colleague Binah, Zena gives one whenever she is damaged.
Punch-Clock Villain: The immigration officer in the opening of Chapter 3 of Limbus Company has an utterly bored tone of voice while letting people pass through the checkpoint.
Punch-Clock Villain: They may work for one of the rather more scummy Wings and help them keep the horrifying and unethical "experiments" of the WARP trains under wraps, but they make it clear they're just employees doing their jobs.
Punny Name: The leader of the Reindeer Team is named Rudolph.
PuppetIcon
Puppets
Puppets Chapter 1.4 1 Book of Tomerry
Puppets • WARP Cleanup Crew
Put off by this fervent defense , Roland labels Hokma a zealot and repeats an adage: faith blinds the eyes of the feeble-minded.
Putting the people who live there in a different grade from those who don’t, though… is pointless, honestly speaking.
Q Corp.
Qliphoth Counter and Anomalous Effects: Abnormalities are entities that possess unusual abilities that can harm or benefit employees and/or the facility.
Qliphoth Level 1+: 2 random damage types will be illuminated at the cross at the top of the screen every Qliphoth Meltdown, increasing the damage type select by 4 times the amount (Chesed).
Qliphoth Level 1+: Removes all the previous immunity against Qliphoth Meltdown of the other departments, the player can no longer change the Game Speed (Stuck at 1x speed).
Qliphoth Level 1+: The game speed will be set to 1x.
Qliphoth Level 1+: Works done by employees are randomly replaced by another type of work every other Qliphoth Meltdown (Malkuth).
Qliphoth Level 10+: The game speed will be set to 2.5x.
Qliphoth Level 10+: The game speed will increase to x2.1 speed.
Qliphoth Level 2+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 3+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 4+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 5+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 6+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 7+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 8+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 8+: The game speed will increase to x1.7 speed.
Qliphoth Level 9+: Background music changes.
Qliphoth Level 9+: The game speed will increase to x1.9 speed.
Qliphoth Meltdowns will not appear in the Architecture department, however all the previous immunity against Qliphoth Meltdowns will be removed from all other departments.
Quality fabric can offer better protection, lighten the wearer’s weight for quicker movement, or allow the wearer to carry heavy weapons as large as their body.
Questioning A, he asks him what he thought after seeing Angela, who couldn't show signs of affection or emotions towards him unlike Carmen.
R Corp's Forth Pack participating in the Smoke War
R Corp.
R Corp’s mercs were ideal for Outskirts explorations and other dangerous operations.
RCorpIcon
RED for the red horse of War.
Rabbit Team, another hare-themed organization under the employ of a Wing.
Ragtag Bunch of Misfits: Nikolai's Complete Page notes that while the Fourth Pack is a powerful force, as an army they're quite ineffective in waging conventional warfare due to each team's weakness.
Rain’s Page
Rather, he himself has chosen to accept Ayin’s will, stating that he is not the kind of person to cast judgment on his mentor’s choice.
Rather… it wasn’t even human speech.
Rats Chapter 1 1 Book of Something
RatsIcon
RatsIcon.pngRats (Episode 1) • BrotherhoodofIronIcon.pngBrotherhood of Iron (Episode 1) • Yun'sOfficeIcon.pngYun’s Office (Episode 1 - Episode 2 - Episode 3) • HookOfficeIcon.pngHook Office (Episode 1)
Read ahead with caution if you want to experience the story for yourself.
Recently, he is suspected of recruiting individuals wielding powers that are possibly related to the Distortion Phenomenon in an attempt to form an organization.
Receptions
Recurring Boss: They're fought and defeated once, then fought again with upgraded members immediately after.
Red Eyes, Take Warning: All of them either have this or have their eyes capable of turning a glowing red.
Red Invitations
RedFightingTheWolf
References
Regret and Atonement (Day 48)
Regular informants are armed with nothing more than a simple bladed tool.
Regulates the Singularities of other Wings and monitors the City with an all-encompassing surveillance network to seek out tax offenders.
Related Entities
Relations
Relations between Wings
Relationships
Religion of Evil: They seem to be an actual religious cult, with mentions of scriptures and sermons, and seem to treat The One Who Grips as a sort of divine figure.
Relying on brute strength alone to push through is possibly the most imprudent thing you could do.
Removing them will cause An Arbiter to stop their attack, not using it.
Reproachful looks of those resenting her for bringing them so far, only to let go of her responsibility.
Requests made by Wings are quite different from those assigned by the Associations in several aspects.
Resistance against the Head is virtually impossible, and those who find out their true identity or plan any resistances against them, more often than not vanish and never return.
Revealing a rare smile, Hokma remarks that she’s still awfully dishonest.
Right now, Nest L is practically a warzone with all the Associations, Syndicates, and Fixers at each other’s throats.
Right!
RiskLvAbnos
Roland admits his actions and says he'll help Netzach clean as an apology.
Roland and I got along well together, so I often worked with him.
Roland and I were long-time partners in Charles’ Office since the year dot.
Roland asks the group what they are meeting for.
Roland concludes that, in this case, he must not have any beliefs at all—the City’s citizens don’t have time for abstract concepts that won’t help them in the immediate future.
Roland covers Netzach's mouth to stop him from talking and claims Netzach is too drunk to speak straight.
Roland expresses distaste for Ayin—from his perspective, he was simply a man who revived his deceased friends for his own benefit and left nothing but trouble in his wake.
Roland helps Tiphereth carry a large number of books to the HokmaIcon.pngFloor of Religion, as Hokma had been requesting them from her; they find him there chatting with Malkuth, Yesod, and Binah.
Roland infers that Angela—and, owing to his position as her assistant, he as well—must be the subject of his ire because they have crushed the wish he held so dear.
Roland meets Hokma for the first time.
Roland questions what Hokma believes in; Hokma responds that he believes in the arrival of the world Ayin dreamt of, such that it has guided his every action.
Roland questions what sort of person Ayin must have been to inspire such dedication.
Roland rampages
Roland recalls that many of the other patron librarians followed a person called Carmen, and asks if Hokma was the same.
Roland remarks about this to Chesed, who says he is used to Gebura ignoring him.
Roland responds with a flat no—most of the City’s “religions” are simply money-hungry schemes in disguise, so there is no point putting faith in any of them.
Roland says that he believes in eventually leaving the library, but Hokma counters that this is simply a wish.
Roland states that the library is visibly changing, as are Angela and the librarians, thereby proving the veracity of her claims.
Roland takes this to mean they are complaining about work and starts ranting, warning that Angela always knows what they are talking about; Tiphereth calls him out for doing what he claimed to be warning against.
Roland walks in on Angela, Malkuth, Yesod, and Hod discussing a "serious matter." They explain that Netzach and his assistants are responsible for cleaning the Library's hallways this week, but they have conveniently disappeared.
Roland, not even a Grade 1 Fixer at the time, was attracted by the offer of free Nest migration and fought on the side against old L Corp as a mercenary, likely hired by K Corp.
Rose’s Page
Rough things do happen often ‘round here, sure, but there’s some effort at peacekeeping goin’ on to stop a whole lotta people dying all the harking time.
Rudolph
Rudolph's Mind Crush is a mass-individual attack that deals significant Stagger damage on hit.
Rudolph’s Complete Page
Rudolph’s Page
Rule of Symbolism: Their logo is the letter W in the shape of an arrow with another arrow shooting through it, representing their teleportation technology.
Runic Magic: Heishou Pack - Mao Branch swords are enhanced with Q Corp.
Rusk
Rusted Chains • Workshop-affiliated Fixers • Jeong’s Office
S Corp.
SPOILERS AHEAD
SPOILERS AHEAD!
SWAT Team: Their Class 1 and 2 Staff resembles modern day—albeit a little exaggerated—SWAT police wearing riot protection.
Sadly, our time didn’t last long.
Said Time Collector is actually the head of T-Corp.
Said facility has since become the Eldritch Location known as "The Library" that you control in this game.
Said some new tech was discovered recently.
Said they’ll need people like us.
Said we’ll get some benefits if we helped her.
Salpippyeo Agroindustries, deals with agriculture and livestock.
Salvador remarks that the city will have their memories of the singularity removed, later proven to be a correct assumption.
Salvador’s Page
San and Julia are old Fixer friends of mine.
San and Mars are both precious colleagues to me.
San said he feels the same.
San’s Page
Sayo’s Page
Sciences Episode 1 • Episode 2 • Episode 3 • Episode 4 • Episode 5 • Episode 6
Screen Filter changes.
Second, The Red Mist will start to chase down Agents.
Secret Art: Each named member of the Fourth Pack has one that unlocks after beating their second fight.
Section 1 would clearly be superior in terms of sheer power, but we follow different strategies with pros and cons for each, so a direct comparison won’t really tell much about our actual performance in the field.
Section 2, the team with Mei and Cecil, consists of careful and level-headed Fixers.
Security of borders between Nests and Backstreets also vary from plasma walls to mere chain fences, but the Wings' power is such that no one in the Backstreets dares to cross over into a Nest without express permission.
See also
See here for more.
See here here for more details about X and A.
See if any workshop products might suit you.
See list of Wings
Seeing their reactions turn "menacing," Chesed claims he was just kidding and says he just wanted to invite them to relax for a while.
Seems our boss didn’t want to add lies to this industry that’s already full of filthy schemes, but they still had to catch people’s eyes somehow.
Seems you’re just as stupid, aren’t you.
Seen in the first official promotional video for Limbus Company
Selecting the option 'Erase' will change the scene back to normal without the filter, but with a low scream in the background.
Self-Fulfilling Prophecy: It turns out the Head attacked Outskirts L Corp more than a decade ago because they foresaw multiple Wings responsible for the creation of Angela.
Sen even notes that it is unusual for a new recruit to not vomit on their first day.
Sen’s Page
SephirahMeltdownBinahBoss
SephirahMeltdownChesedBoss1
SephirahMeltdownGeburaBossPhase1
SephirahMeltdownHodBoss1
SephirahMeltdownHokmaBoss1
SephirahMeltdownMalkuthBoss1
SephirahMeltdownNetzachBoss
SephirahMeltdownTipherethBoss1
SephirahMeltdownYesodBoss1
Serial Code: DN-00113
Setting aside the low demand, the difficulty of acquiring a firearms manufacturing license and the Head’s strict guidelines are the biggest limitations.
Setting the stage for the performance we call hope!
Seven Association deals with info and investigations; we collect all kinds of information on this City.
Seven Association • Blade Lineage
Shattered chips of bones were often in the meat, and the mixture of different types would create an odd flavor.
She added that I have to be careful with it as it was thanks to sheer luck that the “E.G.O” could be extracted at all in its unstable state.
She agrees, noticing that the Assistant Librarians are also having tea off to the side, with Binah saying that they deserve to have the moment of rest and refreshment.
She asks Hokma how he can simply accept all that Ayin has done.
She can be so stupid at times… Welp, I have to go in with her anyway.
She can perform a powerful vertical downswing with Mimicry, dealing 70-90 Red Damage.
She can perform the Heaven attack used in Phase 2.
She can raise Justitia, charging it, before swiping with Justitia, forming a teal-coloured energy wave that travels forward for a moderate distance and deals (50-70) Pale Damage to all entities hit.
She can raise Smile and slam it down twice.
She can slash thrice with Da Capo, dealing 15-25/15-25/40 White damage in quick succession.
She didn’t bother trying to look okay.
She didn’t make a big fuss about it or suggest trying something with it right away.
She even goes as far as to call the Red Mist "a hero" in her Key Page story and admits that she had aspired to become like Kali.
She expresses her desire to break free of Carmen, but fears that she will be utterly alone if she does.
She expresses her desire to start anew, begging whomever might be at her side to tell her where she should go.
She gave me a glance, turned back to the tall person with an even fiercer gaze than moments ago, then kicked him in the shin and came striding along towards me.
She grabbed my arm, set me up right, and said in a dry voice: “It’s not the strong who survive, it’s the survivors who are strong.” Then she shoved my back, and I started running before I could thank her.
She has an immense amount of HP at 12,000 (split into 4 Phases of 3,000 each) and must be suppressed 4 times by depleting her HP bar repeatedly to be defeated completely.
She has only two attacks in this Phase.
She hastily adds that none of the four helping her need to stay if they don't want to, feeling apologetic after hearing Netzach's comment.
She hits him and scolds him to stop drinking.
She holds Penitence (One Sin and Hundreds of Good Deeds' E.G.O.
She hopes he doesn't exhaust her and will not come down there unless the circumstances call for it, adding that she will neither watch nor interfere with whatever may happen.
She hopes that they can stay friendly and not feel pressured by her, and concludes that she is fine with Yesod's comment, since it means he acknowledged how hard she is working.
She insults him, but he only takes it playfully and keeps going.
She is annoyed by how trivial the matter actually is, but she does not mind it.
She is the one responsible for banishing L Corp, along with the Library from the City.
She looked around, turned to see me, and… Wow… My face would’ve looked so dumb.
She muses that the script required her and the Sephirot to be abandoned and subject to endless cycles of pain.
She must’ve taken a request that’s rather tricky to disclose.
She nearly managed to obliterate the Outskirts laboratory that would later become L Corp.
She normally gets help from Chesed, Gebura, or Roland, but on this occasion all of them are busy — or, in Roland's case, nowhere to be found, though Yesod remarks that he saw Roland head to the Upper Floors, presumably busy.
She now lives as the Sephirah Binah and has been decommissioned by the Head.
She only said that wielding this power is more important than simply manifesting it, so I shouldn’t be lazy… She went back to work after leaving that peculiar piece of advice.
She pauses, then states that Hokma is not the Benjamin she knew—the sole person who accepted her despite her not being human.
She possesses black gears around its base and small mechanical legs.
She probably spouted what she didn’t sincerely mean, because the situation was too much for her.
She recalls several instances where employees and the Upper Layer Sephirot showed her gratitude, only to sink into despair and resentment as the Seed of Light cycles continued and forced her to withdraw her compassion.
She said an associate Office of the Zwei is a good start, and that I’ll certainly be able to become successful if I work my way up slowly.
She says she is uncertain how she feels about this, but offers him a cup of tea regardless.
She says she still isn't fully comfortable around Binah, but she has since made her peace, especially since all of them are stuck in the same situation (being Librarians).
She says there are so many kinds of black tea that she hasn't bothered with any other type of beverage, though Chesed often tries to convince her to drink coffee.
She ultimately resolves to push through with her quest for the “one true book”, since said desire was instilled by Carmen—the only person to remain by her side this entire time.
She wanted to study but her parents financial state wasn't enough, and when she tried to join the Wings, but she wasn't good enough either.
She was literally chopping them up with her massive blade, and they were helpless against it.
She was tasked with retrieving Garion's body from the Library alongside the elimination of Angela and overseeing the expulsion of the former L Corp's Nest in addition to the Library.
She was the envy of all, a radiant individual who received endless supplies of various expensive equipment and garnered constant recruit offers from other Offices.
She was well acquainted with the Red Mist, Kali.
She will not stay in the Disciplinary Team's main department room for the entirety of the Day and does not provide any handicaps to the facility like the other Sephirot do.
She wonders if she could be forgiven for seeing this path through to its end, and if anyone would still be at her side by that point.
She would always take the initiative to lead all of them.
She's also just as verbose as Binah, as noted by Angela.
Shedding fewer drops of tears than the number of fallen was all the tribute I could pay.
Shi Association
Shi Association Chapter 1.2 1 Book of Full-Stop Office
Shi Association • Smiling Faces
ShiAssociationIcon
Shock and Awe: He and the rest of the Reindeer Team utilize strange electrical staves as weapons.
Shoulda requested an Office in the first place somehow.
Si Branch
Sickly Green Glow: Ironically for the Wing known mostly for its healing, its Singularity manifests as a glowing, unsettling green liquid.
Sign in to edit
Signature Headgear: All of the Heishou Branches seen so far wear wide-rimmed bamboo hats.
Significant Birth Date: He's born on December 24, Christmas Eve.
Similar to Gebura Meltdown, it becomes a suppressible entity.
Simple curiosity.
Since I didn’t know much better than them, I told them what I could in brief.
Since Jia Mu has retired by that point, there is no Hierarch, and any Heishou loyal to the Hierarch remains neutral.
Since Xichun has very little support due to losing almost all of her men...
Since the silk reflects the characteristics of the human it was made from, there are as many forms and powers of cloth as there are humans in this world.
Since we deal with huge sums of money, there are more than a few cases where our clients deliberately harm themselves or lie to us in an attempt to commit insurance fraud.
Single Use Tools: Tools that give a single and instant effect upon being worked with an Agent.
Singularities, technologies that make money, featured in countless patents.
Singularity involves the creation of "glyphs" which can be inscribed onto objects like talismans and weapons; these glyphs have the ability to cast hexes and incantations, such as empowerment or control spells.
Singularity is a technology capable of locking anything, developed as a security measure against trading of luck.
Singularity is tied to space elasticity, expansion and protection.
Singularity produces fairies capable of unlocking anything, including concepts.
Singularity produces resonance-tuning forks and statis preservation packages.
Singularity revolves around protocols capable controlling time and light.
Singularity revolves around spheres which can manipulate gravity.
Singularity revolves around the production of "moonlight stones", which protect their user from psychological attacks.
Skeleton Key: Inverted; J Corp's Singularity allows them to lock anything, from locking a box to sealing an area to even preventing a person's body from being dissected.
Sketchy Successor:
Skewed Priorities:
Slavery Is a Special Kind of Evil: Debt slavery is an absurdly common form of punishment the Wing can inflict anyone with, including their own casino patrons who over-gamble.
Small Stories 1
Small Stories 2
Small Stories 3
Small Stories 4
Small Stories 5
Small Stories 6
Small Stories 7
Small Stories 8
Small Stories 9
Small Stories are unlocked based on the realization level of the Library's Floors.
Smash ‘em hard, block ‘em hard!
Smiling Faces
Smiling Faces Chapter 2.2 1 Book of Yujin
Smiling back, Angela thanks him.
SmilingFacesIcon
Smoke War
Snow White’s Apple).
So I decided to get into an examinee town.
So I want someone to find an answer in my stead.
So an injured employee covered in wounds may end up chopping their arm off just so they can get proper healthcare.
So don’t be so cold to us.
So far I remember or I think I remember the timeline being something like this.
So in my opinion, holding onto your place seems wiser than trying to climb up out of ambition or greed.
So many unrealistic and varied situations take place in the streets, it actually feels as if I’m watching television.
So now Pierre and I have to pioneer a new supply chain on our own.
So the Offices have to stay sharp at all times.
So the WARP cleanup crew (like us!) tidy up the carriages and put the passengers in their seats according to their genomic data.
So the high and mighty beings that wanna rule over you demand ya to eat the “correct” stuff!
So they came all the way to our hideout.
So we should all do the stretches, starting today!
So you fear it, and try to exclude it from your herd.
So you’d better watch it.
So, before you choose your weapon, observe others carefully.
So, many chefs gathered round one time… pondering what to do to pursue a taste beyond this limit… And then inspiration struck all of them at the same time like lightning!
Some Syndicates actually do heroic stuff.
Some admit their defeat, while others try to make a scene and escalate it into a violent mess.
Some buzz about how the process of cooking should be part of the flavor… You can’t do that with any other meat.
Some clients look at us with sparkly eyes like we’re heroes or something.
Some crazy jerk upstairs turns up their speakerphone’s volume to the max and makes obnoxious noises that make your ceiling shake.
Some emphasize gallant passion, while others aspire to a quiet and cold attitude.
Some exposition suggests that the Heishou of each branch also answer to an even higher power, namely the Xianren of the branch responsible for their creation and management.
Some fools laugh at these accessories I’m wearing.
Some former Wings are also known.
Some humans may have a strong body, another may be fragile but wise, and yet another may flaunt incredible speed.
Some ignorant fool makes a scene in the Backstreets on their own, they’re just making themselves a target as soon as others notice they’re alone.
Some just stick to raw strength, though.
Some may see the Liu’s fighting style as old-fashioned, but we get frequent requests from those who want strong-willed and determined warriors.
Some move to a different Wing, but this is an exceptionally rare case.
Some of their combat-ready employees, like their Class 3 Staff, are outfitted with Power Armor filled with tubes that continuously pump said liquid.
Some of them like N Corp.
Some of these Singularities even have only malicious uses, such as a Singularity from a now-fallen Wing that allowed them to turn humans into silk.
Some people ask how Stars of the City, the highest level of urban hazards, are any different from Impurities.
Some people would suddenly start wishing for the happiness of some others, and still others would spend most of their time staring off into space.
Some text will appear next to it when about to attack or do an action.
Some things are better left unknown—for the sake of the safety of this world.
Some things collide, fall apart, and mix in irregular patterns as if to mimic the way humans speak.
Some think the Backstreets are totally shady and poorly aged slums… But we do have all the amenities we need here.
Some time later, they’ll come back to find that the door to their house has been sealed shut; they’ll struggle with the door before giving up.
Some words she chose.
Some would want insane muscular strength that could let them carry a power pole one-handed, and others would want ludicrous speed, quick enough to skip over multiple blocks in a split second.
Someday!
Someday!”
Sometimes though, my body starts heating up if I keep moving around, and I can’t control myself for a while.
Sometimes, the Office may play the role of a broker.
Sometimes, the human brain has difficulty telling reality from illusion.
Sometimes… I do miss my old family.
Songs "String Theocracy" - "From a Place of Love" - "And Then is Heard No More" - "Iron Lotus" - "Children of the City" - "Gone Angels" - "Poems of a Machine" - "Salt, Pepper, Birds, And the Thought Police"
Soon after follow Michelle, Elijah, Giovanni and Gabriel
Soon enough, it started speaking in a language that I could understand, though it stammered a bit.
Soon, all the books are organized.
Space Master: The true nature of their Singularity is this, with the insides of structures designed by P Corp.
Special Qliphoth Meltdowns: The meltdowns summoned by An Arbiter are different from the usual Qliphoth Meltdowns but work similar to them and if the counter reaches 0, it will still add the penalty of the normal Meltdown.
Specialties
Spending days without any incident happening in the area designated for peacekeeping can be admittedly boring… Though it’s a blessing to have such a peaceful day in the City.
Spoilers
Star of the City
Star of the City (The Thumb - The Thumb Ⅱ) • Index Proxies • 얀샋ㄷ요무
StarCityIcon.png Star of the City StarCityIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1)
Starting with choosing equipment, you’ll need clothes to protect your bodily accessories, et cetera… But, before any of that, body augmentation comes first.
Starting with the ranks of Messengers and Proxies, the Prescripts give personalized swords.
Stay true to your belief, and act for it.
Stephan’s Page
Still indignant, Angela claims that this is just pity wrapped in “fancy words.”
Still too many believe that they moved their legs out of their own volition.
Still… I hope it goes well.
Stone Wall: Maxim is extremely durable, owing to his unique passive giving him damage resistance when his charge is max.
Story
Story Mode Spoilers!
Stray Dogs
Stray Dogs Chapter 2.1 1 Book of Walter
StrayDogsIcon
Streetlight Office
Streetlight Office Chapter 2 2 Episode 1: Book of Jack and Book of Pierre
StreetlightOfficeIcon
Strictly purified Enkephalin possesses a psychotherapeutic effect on those that consume or are exposed to it, thus it can be used as a recreational drug in addition to its energy production.
Subcategories
Such are the rules and mindsets that the Shi Association’s members must abide by.
Such is the role of the Nests and Wings that constitute the City.
Such is the rule of ours, and the respect to their position.
Suits change the defenses of the Agent against the Damage Type that they receive.
Suits of Risk Level HE or lower [125% for HE, 150% for TETH, 200% for ZAYIN].
Summary
Super Power Lottery: Their time-defying Singularity is among the most versatile and coveted services in the series, right next to the energy output of L Corp, its domestic, industrial and offensive uses being well worth their price.
Super-Speed: Their singularity allows an individual to change the number of hours they experience in a day, causing them to appear in fast-forward to everyone else.
Super-Strength: The Rhino Team's specialty is to charge head first using their extreme durability and strength, to the point that they themselves can go out of control.
Suppressed once (Phase 2): Background music changes.
Suppressed twice (Phase 3): Background music changes.
Sure, extra jobs and stuff could be made in the future, but that’s nothing more than a hopeful estimate that might not happen until it’s too late for you.
Sure, the work here can be tough, but… isn’t it still easy compared to some others?”
Sure, you could think that if you’re unfamiliar with how things work here.
Surprisingly enough, we hunt in packs for most operations despite our differences.
Sweepers
Sweepers Chapter 1.1 1 Book of Kurokumo Clan
Sweepers can’t raid those streets easily.
SweepersIcon
SweepersIcon.pngSweepers (Episode 1) • ShiAssociationIcon.pngShi Association (Episode 1) • The8o'ClockCircusIcon.pngThe 8 o’Clock Circus (Episode 1) • PuppetIcon.pngPuppets (Episode 1)
Swiss-Army Superpower: The Fairies are incredibly versatile: They can open any door regardless of how it was locked, they can be used to extract secrets from a person's mind, and they can even be used as a weapon to cut open enemies, as demonstrated by Binah.
Swiss-Army Superpower: Unlike Binah’s more varied toolset, four out of five of Zena’s attacks are simply different applications of her mysterious “Line” Singularity.
Sword and Sorcerer: Arbiters and Claws are designed to work best when fighting together.
Sword and Sorcerer: The Sorcerer.
Sword and Sorcerer: The Sword.
Syndicate grunts rush into your Office all of a sudden, heads are blown off, and a gruesome fight breaks out.
Syndicate or Fixer, once you set foot in this business, all the things will bind you like shackles, slowly dragging you to the bottom.
Syndicates ain’t too different from Fixers in that you have to repeat the same, stupid shit following orders from above.
Syndicates hunting Syndicates.
S’usually a good idea to zip your mouth shut at a gathering of Thumb subsidiaries.
T Corp.
T: Trauma
Taein’s Page
Take a moment to think about how you would feel if you received a Prescript that says ‘Chop off your right ankle and eat it medium rare.
Taking ‘em down shouldn’t be a problem.”
Talking about food was a huge delight for me.
Tamaki’s Page
Tanya’s Page
Tattoo Wing This Wing created and patented augmentation tattoos.
Tattoos are the cleanest type of augment procedure you could get.
Team Wiped Out:
Tears of Fear: Lesti sobs when she learns that she had to enter the Library or be fired.
Teleportation Wing WARP Corp's teleportation tech, which allows for the creation of spatial rifts between dimensions, comes from this obscure fallen Wing, which collapsed because it was unable to find a commercial application for its Singularity.[43]
Teleportation: What they deal in.
Teleporter Accident: Averted.
Tell me how I can enjoy this nightmare.
Tenma’s Page
Terminology:
Text will appear next to The Red Mist when she performs an attack.
Thankfully, this Wing is gone, but the jobless scientists have to move to somewhere to put their brilliance to use.
Thanks for pointing that out.
Thanks to that, I’ve become acquainted with quite a few Fixers… And as corny as it is to say this myself, some even started calling me their mentor, and became my devoted admirers.
That I was too afraid to tell you that you’re my everything the night before you left me.
That being said, that doesn't mean anything born ''from'' humans is exempt, as the Kong Family found out when the Bolus Jia Mu gave to Kong Sihui for her newborn son resulted in a Cuckoospawn bursting out of her womb and spread throughout the entire area.
That being said, they're significantly more hands-off than other examples of this trope, and their subsidiary Wings are even free to war with one another with no interventions from the Head.
That being said, while her voice has a notable robotic filter in her encounter with Roland and Angela, her voice in the Star of the City intro cutscene sounds far more human, implying that her appearance at the Library might be due to being an actual hologram.
That dastardly “someday” just won’t stop popping up.
That day was just like any other, except Dery showed up in the streets after going missing for a few days, looking awfully gaunt… Other than that, the weather was normal, and the streets were the same as always.
That doesn’t mean war is the only type of request we accept.
That gave us a bigger thing to worry about than an upcoming destruction.
That is correct.
That kind of intimate and deep relationship is long gone from this world.
That means the chef saw you as excellent meat.
That means within 7 days, you have to get rid of your clones, or a Claw will get rid of all of you.
That person paused for a bit, then spoke in a languid tone.
That someone was Renaud.
That sorta logic.
That thought made me feel a bit easier.
That was my first time seeing the mercenaries in action!
That was my impression of Xiao.
That wasn’t a suggestion or a plea for help.
That way, I wouldn’t lose those that are close to me.
That’s a flawed statement!
That’s about it.
That’s actually a former Singularity a fallen Wing used to own.
That’s enough chittering, let’s get back to work.
That’s how appealing the meat looks.
That’s how humans are.
That’s how our technology is advertised to the public, anyway.
That’s how significant the hierarchy is to us.
That’s how the grades of Offices and Fixers are updated.
That’s not quite true.
That’s okay.
That’s one of the stupidest things you could do.
That’s right.
That’s right; you’re the gentle breeze that brushes past my face, and the clouds that fly in the sky, which give me heed of your presence from overhead or underfoot.
That’s the most important one.
That’s the question I used to ask the most when I still had a human body.
That’s what they apparently use, but it’s too complicated for me.
That’s what they told me.
That’s what we agents do.
That’s what your kind called us, condemning us out of fear.
That’s when people feel that they’re alive.
That’s when the Night of the Backstreets comes into play.
That’s where the relative courteousness of the Thumb comes from.
The "Balloon People" Distortion case resolved by Moses occurred in O Corp's Nest.[33]
The "crazy makes you incompetent" part is not applicable though, as the Wings are often very competent in what they could and will do.
The 8 o'Clock Circus
The 8 o’Clock Circus
The 8 o’Clock Circus Chapter 1.3 1 Book of Oscar
The 8 o’Clock Circus was a real sod of a case.
The 8 o’Clock Circus • The Crying Children
The Abnormalities contained are divided into the different departments available, usually housing 4 to 8 Abnormalities per Department in their units.
The Abnormalities possess different aspects in-game, from information to effects.
The Abnormality Dissolution is the percentage of fully researched Abnormalities within the codex.
The Associations follow the demand, not the other way around.
The Associations handle requests often made for Fixers such as security, combat, assassination, intel, patenting, and trades.
The Backstreets are alleyways densely spread across the city.
The Backstreets are our main stage of activity at night.
The Black Forest
The Black Silence (Gave in during its own reception, albeit temporarily.)
The Black Silence Chapter 3 1 Uninvited Guests
The Blank: Not only his head is wrapped in metallic hunks of wood, he looks exactly like the Claw Ordeals from Lobotomy Corporation (bar wearing his suit within a trenchcoat, most likely due to being a higher rank agent).
The Blue Reverberation
The Blue Reverberation Chapter 1.2 1 Book of the Smiling Faces
The Blue Reverberation • The Red Mist • The Purple Tear
The Brute: Arbiters and Beholders both seem to have non-combatant roles, but Claws appear to serve a purely military function among the Head's forces.
The Caligula: Many of the Wings are thoroughly crazy and their decisions don't seem to make any sense, as if they were arbitrarily decided out of random.
The Carnival
The Carnival Chapter 1.1 1 Book of Gyeong-mi
The Carnival’s Page
The Casino: J Corp's Nest is known as the Nest of gambling as games of chance dominate its culture.
The Church of Gears
The City
The City (Nests)
The City consists of 25 Nests, and 25 Districts of the Backstreets that surround those Nests.
The City folk meet different ends depending on the Prescripts they receive, though their fates all share a commonality of cruelty.
The City strictly forbade making or selling products using technology patented by another workshop without purchasing the rights to it.
The City's residents were almost all seen to smile and experience happiness and relief, and there was a universal sense of calm.
The City, obviously.
The Claw
The Claw/C Corp.
The Codex starts out with no Abnormalities within and 0% Abnormality Dissolution but will grow as the player fully researches Abnormalities.
The Codex, also known as The Abnormality Encyclopedia, is a mechanic that allows players to view their collection of Abnormality Details.
The Conductor (Manifested after the light released them from the book.)
The Containment Units are all the same.
The Crying Children
The Crying Children (Gave in to the emotion of the E.G.O during The Crying Children Reception)
The Crying Children Chapter 2.3 1 Book of Emma
The Distortion Detective
The Distortion Detective chapter 36
The Distortion Detective chapter 37
The Distortion Detective chapter 4
The Distortion Phenomenon is heavily related to LobCorpIcon.png Lobotomy Corporation, its Singularity, and its plans.
The Districts they control are the size of countries in their own right compared to the continent-sized City, and each District has its own culture and background.
The Dreamer of Human Wholeness
The E.G.O Equipment given to employees are weapons and suits extracted from Abnormalities' beings, appearing in various forms.
The Eighth Chef
The Executioner: The Claw agents act as such for the Head, and high ranking agents are explicitly named the same as the trope.
The Eye
The Eye is also not a Wing, but directly runs B Corp, through which it enforces the Head's rules on the Wings and the Singularities.
The Eye will seek out tax evaders by any means, and the person it sends will rip those poor cheats to shreds.
The Eye/B Corp.
The Fairies can unlock anything, physically or conceptually.
The Final Reception Chapter 5 N/A Uninvited Guests
The Fourth Pack
The Fourth Pack's Rabbit Team was contracted by L Corp.
The Friend Nobody Likes: Old L Corp.
The Ghost: Story-wise, besides Garion and also Zena, Luda, and Baral of the Head and the executives of the prior L Corp.
The Great Lake itself is a massive and inexplicable expanse where unfathomable creatures and phenomena constantly lurk in search of victims, and countless aspiring U Corp.
The Hana Association is no exception in that it has a number of outwardly seen principles.
The Head
The Head hates clones and machines that act like humans, but in both cases it's shown as less any sort of prejudice and more of an oddly specific button.
The Head itself is not a Wing, but it directly runs A Corp.
The Head leads the Wings and the acting supreme government of the entire City.
The Head/A Corp.
The Head’s rules don’t cover every small detail, so you can say this is a necessary addition to fill those gaps.
The Heartbroken
The Heishou Pack
The Human Thunderbolt
The Index appears to have been guided here by the Prescripts.
The Index has an arsenal of swords and blades.
The L Corp.
The Lapin-o-Rabbit Team is generally seen as a distracted and raving bunch.
The Library
The Library (2 C)
The Liu is an Association that specializes in warfare.
The Lobotomy Corporation artbook details most of the non-donator Abnormalities' designs and unlockable stories from the game, as well as in-development designs and other unused or beta designs.
The Manager
The Mock Exam
The Musicians of Bremen
The N Corp.
The Nest is a home where birds brood their eggs.
The Nest slowly becomes indistinguishable from the Backstreets as residents fend for themselves, with various Syndicates and other organizations rushing in to claim the Wing's holdings.
The Night in the Backstreets is only a thing in the Backstreets, like da name suggests.
The Night in the Backstreets, when the City shuts its eyes.
The PE-Boxes of the Abnormality are saved permanently over days and new games, as well any information unlocked.
The Photographer
The Pianist
The Prescripts are the City’s will as it is my will.
The Prescripts are truly unpredictable.
The Prescripts know all.
The Prescripts were already aware that Messenger Yan was giving out false ones, hence the Prescript to follow those faked orders.
The Puppeteer
The Purple Tear
The Purple Tear Chapter 3.2 1 Book of the Red Mist
The Purple Tear’s Page
The Queen of Hatred).
The Quiet One: He speaks very little, especially compared to Zena and Luda.
The Rabbit Team, as seen back in Lobotomy Corporation, has a policy of Shooting Everything That Moves, this includes non-combatants such as civilians.
The Race for the Golden Bough
The Reaved Lamenter
The Red Mist
The Red Mist Chapter 2.2 1 Book of Lobotomy Corporation
The Red Mist uses the Gold Rush attack from Phase 1 to move to another Main Room and switch weapons to Da Capo (The Silent Orchestra's E.G.O.
The Red Mist will continue to stay in the room she is in, engaging entities that enter the room.
The Red Mist will deal 90-110 of a random type of damage to any entity she passes that is not her target.
The Red Mist will now begin a completely different attack pattern and will no longer stay in Main Rooms until provoked.
The Red Mist will stay there until then.
The Red Mist will take double damage from Abnormalities.
The Red Mist will then ready Mimicry, the blade noticeably growing size, before dashing to that room through the facility, dealing 100 Red damage to anyone in the way, and slamming the enlarged Mimicry into the room, which will deal 450-500 Red Damage to all entities in the room.
The Red Mist will then return to her normal attacking pattern.
The Red Mist will then sprint after them.
The Red Mist's attacks and defenses will change each time she enters a new phase.
The Red Mist's combat capabilities are shown below.
The Red Mist's defenses are: Red: Endured (0.9) - White: Endured (0.9) - Black: Endured (0.9) - Pale: Normal (1.0).
The Red Mist's defenses during this phase are: Red: Normal (1.0) - White: Normal (1.0) - Black: Resistant (0.2) - Pale: Resistant (0.2).
The Red Mist's defenses during this phase are: Red: Resistant (0.4) - White: Resistant (0.4) - Black: Weak (1.2) - Pale: Normal (1.0).
The Red Mist's defenses during this phase are: Red: Weak (1.5) - White: Weak (1.5) - Black: Weak (1.5) - Pale: Weak (1.5).
The Red Mist, following behind, will deal 90-110 of a random type of damage to any entity she passes.
The Red Mist’s Page
The Reindeer Team utilizes powerful electric waves generated from brainwaves.
The Reindeer Team: Prone to suffer a nervous breakdown in prolonged battles, causing damage to its allies.
The Reverb Ensemble Distorted Chapter 4 N/A Uninvited Guests
The Reverberation Ensemble
The Reverberation Ensemble Chapter 2 1 Uninvited Guests
The Rhino Team, while a Lightning Bruiser in combat, they are also The Berserker and will cause quite a bit of Collateral Damage whenever they're deployed.
The Rhino Team’s armor is thick n’ large!
The Rhino Team’s got more destructive power than others, and once one of us starts getting all excited and enters a rampage, it won’t be easy to stop ‘em until they calm down.
The Rusted Chains ain’t the biggest Syndicate, but each member’s got strength to boot n’ boast.
The SP-E Bullets (SP-E 탄환, SP-E Tanhwan) made available to the manager to restore the sanity of Agents were developed through the use of Enkephalin’s therapeutic uses as well.
The Sephirot
The Seven Association is a Fixer Association specializing in investigation and intelligence, and it’s knowledgeable in pretty much every affair that takes place in the City.
The Silent Orchestra will not reduce the energy quota during the 4th movement on this day.
The Smoke War (연기 전쟁, Yeongi jeonjaeng) was a large-scale conflict between multiple Wings and other organizations in the City.
The Smoke War led to this Wing's collapse and allowed Lobotomy Corp.
The Smoke War on the Limbus Company wiki.gg
The Spook: Just like the Arbiters and Claws, the Beholders are something that very few people even see.
The Story Tab cover entries about descriptions, explanation of effects, related events, interviews and other information linked to said Abnormality.
The Syndicate may charge ridiculously expensive fees, but they will keep you safe for sure once you pay them.
The Syndicate paid us more cash.
The Thumb
The Thumb Chapter 1.1 2 Episode 1: Book of Index Proselytes
The Thumb is the most cultivated and humane of the Five Fingers.
The Thumb uses various types of bullets.
The Thumb’s chain of command is simple: Obey the orders issued by your superior unconditionally, and do not question the intentions of your superior.
The Time Ripper
The Tools don't possess work preferences but instead have a single work to use them.
The Trials start off at the beginning, Ordeals.
The UI will be pixelated and blurred (Yesod).
The Udjat
The Unfought: She doesn't participate in the actual battle against the Library, as she is busy finalizing the procedure for the Library's banishment.
The WARP Cleanup Crew
The Wing periodically undergoes "Restructuring Day" where the buildings physically move around and rebuild themselves to redistribute space according to the citizens' wealth.
The Wing sadly never knew how to utilize that stunning technology they’d found; the Nest ended up falling before it could find a proper use for the Singularity, and the company now known as W Corp.
The Wing that values experience above all else."
The Wing was previously owned by the Kong Family, who passed it on to Jia Mu after she made her claim without incident.
The Wing's nature as a self-contained city within a single supermassive building in particular brings to mind the Kowloon Walled City, which is credited as one of the major inspirations for dystopian slum settings in present-day fiction as a whole.
The Wings (날개, Nalgae), also known as the Wings of the World, are a group of the 26 largest, most powerful conglomerates in the City.
The Wings also have taboos that are grounded on execution once violated, which can be very nonsensical and minor such as "taking footage in N Corp's district".
The Wings and their agents are among the major antagonistic factions in Library Of Ruina.
The Wings are directly ruled by the Head, the Eye, and the Claw, the enigmatic supreme authority of the City.
The Wing’s policies also determine the culture of the Backstreets that belong to it.
The Zwei tends to be more defensive than other Associations or Offices.
The ability to create rifts in space.
The acquisition of knowledge via reading the written word
The actual work types are scrambled and "re-linked" to a random button every new Qliphoth Meltdown level.
The alloy is extracted from mines within District 24, which are described as "Hellholes".[1][2]
The amount of Clerks in the facility is cut in half (from 10 to 5 per department).
The answer is “Not exactly.” It can be written on any kind of paper, and as long as it is stamped with the seal of the Index, it’ll pass as a real Prescript.
The appearance didn’t matter.
The beggarly reality!
The beginning of an unpleasant nightmare.
The blindfold has little symbolic significance; it’s to teach the Proselyte to follow the Prescripts regardless of what is happening before their eyes.
The boss of our organization had always been a rash one, and he’d no patience with injustice or for his own curiosity.
The branch of the Heishou Pack based on the rabbit, on loan to Shi Yihua by Jia Qiu to aid him in eliminating competitors in the Family Hierarchy Examination.
The branch of the Heishou Pack based on the serpent.
The burden of her role, however, caused her innocence to shrink away into coldness.
The buttstock is built to be solid enough to crush most things to a pulp, and the bayonet is pretty handy as a sword.
The catch is that all requests must be reported to the Hana Association after you deal with them.
The catch-all categorization for any Abnormality that doesn't neatly fit into the previous classifications.
The chances are as low as winning the lottery.
The chef pulled out a knife, and the guest ended up on a plate.
The cleanup crew makes passing notes of notable incidents such as a Color Fixer smuggling himself into the regular class and trained the passengers on how to fight for 2,000 years, and sometimes things go so bad that they send the Rabbit Team against heavily mutated and insane passengers.
The client will pay a certain amount of money as reward, and the Fixers will do their best to resolve the case… They’re plain and natural clauses for the most part.
The concentrated electricity is then collected by our staves for attacks.
The corporation was managed by X (aka Ayin) and specialized in energy production through Abnormalities.
The courier of those letters was Hokma, granting their wish after evaluating them.
The cycle continues.
The day will never actually come!
The defenses show their vulnerability against the 4 types of damage: Red, White, Black and Pale.
The demand for assassination requests is pretty high these days as the most surefire way to eliminate people armed with high-quality workshop equipment on top of body augments is sneaking up on them for a fatal blow when they least suspect it.
The eagle motif also ties to their Allegorical Character in the form of Apocalypse Bird, who just like the Head, was responsible for a self-fulfilling prophecy in its attempts to prevent a catastrophe in its homeground.
The effect on him is so pronounced that it's implied to be the first form his unstable Distortion takes.
The electric stimuli generated in the Reindeer’s brain are condensed at the tip of these horns.
The elevator rooms, the larger side rooms of the Control Department, the large lower part of the Information Department, Row 2 and 4 of the Central Command Department, as well as the top part of the Disciplinary Department and Welfare Department's Main Rooms will all not be targeted by Gold Rush.
The ensemble’s not like most Syndicates just trying to make money off the turf of the wingless Nest, that’s for sure… But we still don’t know what their goals really are, and I can’t shake this bad feeling.
The equipment needs PE-Boxes as a cost to be manufactured once unlocked, which then later can be equipped by Agents during the Deployment Phase to fight off and resist more bigger threats.
The experiment was authorized at last, though I didn’t want to know what they thought of it anymore.
The eyes on the blade carefully observed me as I fought the voice in my head.
The facility has reached the surface.
The facility is blurred and pixelated as well.
The facility looks to be rising upward.
The fact that they were worth helping played a big part.
The few introduced include three members of the WARP Cleanup Crew from W Corp, the leaders of the Fourth Pack in R Corp, and low-level employees Emma and Noah of J Corp.
The fight was so fierce and intimidating, the young little Myo had to shiver in a corner.
The filter at this point is limited to darkening the corners of the screen.
The final portal leads to another main department room, where it shoots with Gold Rush, dealing a great amount of (290-310) Red Damage in a small range.
The first letter denotes the source category of an Abnormality's origin.
The first page of the guideline boldly states: “Do not research or imagine technology that infringes the firearm manufacturing guidelines, as provided by the Head along with the license.” I’m not a gunsmith myself, so I don’t know the details, and I frankly don’t want to know any more than that.
The first slam will slow everyone in the vicinity of the attack by 99%, and the second attack will deal an initial hit of Black Damage (90-110) immediately followed by around 10 minor Black Damage hits (8-10) to all employees within the same vicinity.
The five Syndicates at the apex of the Backstreets are called the Thumb, the Index, the Middle, the Ring, and the Pinky, namely.
The following 4 pages are in this category, out of 4 total.
The format of the artbook is also based on a paper manual intended for the manager, with the front cover stating "Manual of Lobotomy Corporation." The back of the artbook also bears the unique classification code "O-09-05."
The former feathers don’t have a choice in this matter.
The former iteration of G Corp.
The four of us were moved to the core by the Pianist’s performance.
The fourth mission is then handed.
The full arrow represents the WARP Trains as presented to the public as rapid transport, but in actuality the W shaped arrow is what will actually happen on board the train, where people will be transported and held in limbo for millenniums until they actually reach their destination.
The future self who experienced a certain past returns to it in order to change the future… Whatever is going on in the past, some kind of paradox is bound to happen to causality.
The game speed will be set to 1.5x.
The game speed will increase to x1.5 speed.
The gauntlet will deal 50 Red Damage to anyone it hits and additionally leaves a glowing golden trail behind itself.
The greater you are, the higher you can climb.
The guest, who had an impressive pair of red eyes and dashing brown hair, looked at me and gently smiled.
The guests come from various backgrounds, including Syndicates and Offices.
The guidelines include clauses such as: “The maximum length of the gun barrel must be shorter the higher the gun’s caliber is”, “No gun should possess the firepower to penetrate steel or building walls”, “A gunfire sound must be audible”, and I haven’t even started with the “bad” ones yet.
The handicaps in this day are the following:
The head remembers those feelings, but you can’t experience them again.
The height of taste the human tongue can feel isn’t as impressive as you might think, really.
The indignation certainly was not a toxic emotion.
The kinds of meat they treat and how they process it differs for each Syndicate, so you should pick your caterer carefully.
The larger the population is and the more time given, the finer a clone is made.
The library is teleported to the outskirts by the head
The light is finally gathered
The liquid is patented with the approval of the Head; you must change your body to become like us if you wish to join our family.
The love that I came into was cramped, yet big… and it felt burdensome at times.
The machine rotates at different intervals at random directions.
The main L Corp facility was a place where once employees were hired, they were unable to get out.
The main information unlocks its name, portrait, subject number and tool type.
The man later known as Netzach also lives in their Nest and has the primary color of green.
The marked employee will not be able to enter any containment room while they are marked.
The mask fully opens, revealing a pitch-black face, with the pieces of the mask staying around The Red Mist's face, with some parts giving her the appearance of having horns, as well having a red mist-like aura around herself.
The mask opens, revealing a small glowing red eye at the center.
The mask starts to break, revealing red cracks around the eye.
The me that changes after each step I take.
The meat from ‘Little Piggy's’ is pricey and comes in small quantities, but its quality is good.
The mercenaries of R Corp.
The message we got wasn’t unexpected.
The method is simple.
The moment you get swayed by something you cherish, you lose yourself; you neglect your own safety.
The moonlight stone emits a golden glint, and you can either gild your clothes with it or make ornaments out of it.
The moonlight stone mitigates or shuts off psychological affliction induced from all kinds of mental attacks, pressure, interference, and all that… Whether it’s caused by seeing, hearing, or feeling something, or a direct assault to the mind.
The more one learns, the more delusions they invite.
The more you know~
The most delicious food doesn’t come close to sending chills down your spine.
The names of the agents are invisible and breaching Abnormalities and Ordeals' HP bars are not visible, however, the Wanted poster for Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary is unpixelated.
The needles which stuck onto building walls caused the site of impact to melt and crack; when a human was struck with one of the needles, they were transformed into A-02, going through the same bizarre process of detonation A-01 did.
The news of destruction didn’t come off as much of a surprise as I’d expected.
The one thing I couldn’t stand was him putting the blame on me for leaving my master and seonbae behind in that place they call the Library when I escaped so that I could bring others to save them.
The one thing that matters the most is the fact that they showed insolence.
The only entities in the City which rival the Wings are the Five Fingers, a group of the City's five most influential Syndicates, which not even they can readily interfere with.
The only entities in the City which rival the Wings' power are the Five Fingers, a particularly infamous group of Syndicates which not even they can readily interfere with.
The only exception known is N Corp, which is just a nail and hammer crossed together without forming an N.
The only group that posed anything more than an annoyance to them is the research team led by Carmen and/or Ayin, and it's considered an impressive feat when they managed to survive an assault from them and get away without being full-on decimated.
The only hurdle is money.
The only one we know so far is "filming in the Backstreets".
The only question that matters is how much people are willing to pay to have the threat eliminated.
The only thing holding them back is the limited quantity, so they must be used wisely.
The only thing that matters is that silk made from humans has strength that differentiates it from ordinary thread.
The only thing they don't control to an extent is the Five Fingers who are their equal (and even they have to tiptoe around the Head).
The only things they don't control to an extent are the Five Fingers who are basically their equal.
The only thought that came to my mind was that he’d finally done it.
The only weapon we use is these spiky chains.
The orange symbol on the nape of A-01’s neck was also found on the needles discharged from its body.
The other Fourth Pack leaders warn her to not let it affect her morale.
The other one is probably thinking the same thing as me.
The outcome was creepier than what it used to be, but it was the same doll I remembered nonetheless.
The passengers don’t remember what happened inside the train, but that’s not because we use amnestics.
The passengers will continue the conversations they were having when they first boarded the train as if nothing happened.
The pause is followed along with a screen breaking effect which lasts for several seconds.
The people in the mansion were terrified of those who became monsters.
The people they hire also really aren't the most pleasant of people, bar Vespa Carabro.
The people who witness the sparkle of that Star admire how brilliantly it shines in the dark, and entertain the hope that they will shine as brightly one day, making yet more centers in the universe…
The percentage excludes Backer Abnormalities, Don't Touch Me, Plague Doctor, and Apocalypse Bird, leaving only 74 Abnormalities required for complete codex.
The person living in Room 1829 vanished after losing a bet a week ago, and I saw ‘em carrying a large coffin out of Room 1831 yesterday…
The person who is known to furtively cause incidents.
The piercing gaze persisted as if to replace me if I faltered even for a second; it made me feel hazy sometimes.
The portals utilized by the Rabbit Team do not affect The Red Mist while she is sprinting; The Red Mist will simply plow straight through them.
The previous G Corp.
The primary battleground of the war was L Corp's Nest.
The process of entering a Wing is not simple, either.
The public institutions… Ye know the deal, those shuckin’ shucks at the Head, Fixer Associations, vigilance peeps n’ the like.
The ratings of hazards in the City are as follows: Urban Myth, Urban Legend, Urban Plague, Urban Nightmare, Star of the City… and Impurity.
The refined version of the substance appears as a green liquid kept in PE-Boxes, but Enkephalin can be kept in a gaseous form depending on the extraction method.
The report must include the details of the request, the client’s info, how the case was resolved, and any other relevant information… Once the report has been submitted, Hana Association will assess the performance of the Office and its Fixers, and evaluate them for promotion or demotion.
The research went on quietly, but not for long.
The researchers seemed to be struggling to make progress with their work, but it was alright.
The reward: We get to avoid termination.
The rules o’ the Backstreets don’t work in the Nest, and the opposite’s also true.
The same can be said for individual Fixers; the spicy ones are sought after by many firms.
The scanned data is stored in the transmission device inside the train, ready to be sent to the restoration machine.
The scene flashes back to Lobotomy Corporation, where Angela expresses regret over being unable to pursue a path that would have led to a happier outcome for even one person.
The scene was that unrealistic.
The screen color becomes saturated and noticeably scrambled.
The screen colours will fade out further.
The screen colours will fully fade out, leaving the screen in complete grayscale.
The screen colours will slightly fade out.
The screen filters change similar to a snowstorm, dust particles or a granulated screen effect.
The screen will be completely covered by a static effect for a brief moment when the day starts and at Qliphoth Meltdown Level 7, 8, 9, and 10.
The second number is representative of the shape of the Abnormality, with each unique number seemingly corresponding to a group of form types seen in Abnormalities.
The second time it happens, she is mocking both Gebura and Roland about their inability to defeat herself and Baral, giving Binah the opportunity to intervene.
The sections are:
The select few chosen by the workshop’s owner are sent an invitation, or so I heard.
The sheer weight is going to tire you, and you’d no longer be willing to go back up… Go back and think again carefully.
The shortest person among them… The aged-looking woman who appeared to be the representative of that group looked around the circus tent, let out a deep sigh, and introduced herself as Moses—of Moses’ Office—while smoking from her pipe.
The sign was there.
The simplest method is Office raiding.
The so-called curiosity and sympathy… They bring about attention, admiration, and a little bit of obsession.
The society of Fixers is built entirely up on meritocracy.
The sort of day when there were no meetings or gatherings to attend to after I came home from work.
The stat decrease is now -25 and the screen gains a minor old transmission filter.
The stat decrease is now -35 and the screen filter gains major effects, distorting the facility, entities and effects but not the HUD.
The strong obsession of an empty one.
The stronger and clearer my aim to protect someone became, the louder the noise in my head got.
The sunny eyes of the woman who had brought us together were now cloudy, and she spoke less and less.
The sword Carmen gave me was extracted from someone by chance.
The symptoms are expressed in various ways, but in most cases, they hurt their own comrades or damage the psyches of others.
The tall person followed, rubbing his shin.
The team led by Kromer into K Corp.
The technology has a pretty wide range of applications.
The third number acts as a unique code for the Abnormality, which doesn't repeat between Abnormalities, and the last letter (Only for Legacy) is for the risk level classification (Z for ZAYIN, T for TETH, and so on).
The three Wings forming the Head were each named after the body parts of a large avian predator (In particular, C Corp's other name, "the Claw" refers to an eagle's talons in the Japanese translation), and the Arbiters don black-and-gold uniforms, part of them which is a large feather coat.
The time is 3:13 AM; Sweepers crawl out of the dark and sweep the streets clean, collecting all the trash including that noise pollutant.
The title of a Color is forcibly given to Fixers who qualify, essentially.
The true nature of R Corp's Singularity is cloning.
The true winners are the uninvolved spectators who get to profit off the information revealed without the effort of participating in the "war."
The true winners will be the uninvolved spectators who get to make profits from the information revealed without the effort of participating in the "war."[16][17][18]
The true work type is displayed on the right of the Containment Unit while work is ongoing.
The twenty-six Wings have their own subsets of culture.
The two eventually come across the former L Corp's Singularity, the source of the smoke, which utterly disgusted them.
The two of them prepare to leave, but the group is suddenly joined by Angela and Yesod, who comment on how loud their squabbling is.
The two of us were hanging out until after dark, and ran into something nasty in a remote street.
The two people behind her nervously exchanging glances with each other appeared to be her bodyguards of some sort.
The vibration precisely matches the words I remember, and my heart starts beating accordingly.
The war caused the entire City's skies to be filled with acrid smoke.
The ways I wanted to pursue but gave up because I was faced with my limitations.
The wealthier someone is the closer to the center they get to be, and the wealthiest are among a lavish garden in the very center, called the Daguanyuan (lit.
The weapon that corresponds to the mind of its wielder.
The whole deal with the devil thing just sounds too unrealistic.
The workload is spread over multiple people, of course, but each of us still has dozens of screens to stare at, it makes my eyes spin like a top.
The world is one massive aggregation of delusions.
The world we live in right now is what matters.
The zone where the main L Corp.
The “voice” was only a bunch of grinding noises at the beginning, but it slowly learned to speak over time.
The8o'ClockCircusIcon
TheBlueReverberationIcon
TheCarnivalIcon
TheCarnivalIcon.pngThe Carnival (Episode 1) • Full-StopOfficeIcon.pngFull-Stop Office (Episode 1) • DawnOfficeIcon.pngDawn Office (Episode 1) • GazeOfficeIcon.pngGaze Office (Episode 1)
TheCryingChildrenIcon
ThePurpleTearIcon
TheRedMistIcon
TheThumbIcon
TheThumbIcon.pngThe Thumb (Episode 1 - Episode 2) • TheBlueReverberationIcon.pngThe Blue Reverberation (Episode 1) • LiuAssociationIcon.pngLiu Association Section 2 (Episode 1 - Episode 2) • CaneOfficeIcon.pngCane Office (Episode 1)
Their District is littered with white buildings and prestigious universities and colleges, and their Inqusition has a heavy Knight Templar and crusader motif on them.
Their Singularity is a form of spatial manipulation, allowing them to create structures with unnatural elasticity or durability, with their goal being to create "the safest place in the world".
Their Singularity is the "Bolus", which heals, and also mutates its users.
Their actual goal was to cure the 'disease', not to live forever.
Their attire and weapons were all so distinct from what I could see of just those four, I couldn’t find anything in common.
Their basic functions include patenting singularities and creating/enforcing city-wide laws, but many of their regulations are eccentric at best and maliciously implemented at worst.
Their combatants carry a generous supply of this medicine to swiftly recover from their injuries while in the middle of combat, while other users make due with firearms specialized to shoot healing bullets.
Their day-to-day experiences in the library, rather, are what now constitute their beings.
Their dimension-crossing technology is also installed into their weapons to cause a Portal Cut.
Their employees are called Beholders.
Their handicaps against the facility are the following:
Their lair was mysterious and terrifyingly bleak, and the crew took hideous forms as well, looking too grotesque to possibly be considered normal living beings.
Their main specialty was genetic alteration on the human body, with their main fighting force being human-insect hybrids created to fight in the frontlines of the war.
Their names wouldn’t be so unmemorable if they were any strong.
Their names would’ve formed wordplay around “fantasy”, as exemplified with Adam’s monologue on Day 49 as seen below.
Their reception covers Urban Nightmare Chapter 2.4.
Their receptions cover both Star of the City Chapter 2.4 and Chapter 3.4.
Their way of cooking will… give you a thrill just hearing about it!
Thelma, head of the Southern Branch, has been overworking Section 2 to a nonsensical degree lately.
Theme Naming: Their abbreviated names all make up the letters of the alphabet.
Then I realized I was staying conscious for too long for someone that just got cut with a sword.
Then I’ll gladly play along.
Then she received a mail from Lobotomy Corporation, where she was accepted.
Then she shot me a stealthy look.
Then the second mission starts.
Then they broke into tears, saying they’re doomed anyway.
Then we consume that liquid to refuel.
Then, he tells A to erase her.
Then, the third mission is added.
There are 12 branches, each corresponding to one animal in the Chinese Zodiac.
There are 3 types of E.G.O.
There are 4 sections of information, each one unlockable by spending PE-Boxes.
There are a number of ranks within the Index.
There are a total of 26 Wings, each of which has authority over a Nest in a District.
There are a total of 9 Small Stories, which can be viewed in the Patron Librarians' Stories tab of the Credenza.
There are exceptions, of course, but this is generally the case.
There are many important things to consider as a Fixer, and attire is one of them.
There are multiple pipes in a row behind them, 3 rows at each side, moving along with Female Tiphereth's movement of their arms.
There are naturally a lot of Offices that handle this kind of work, most of them being affiliated with the Öufi Association, ours included.
There are probably some people who feel the same as me.
There are twelve Fixer Associations across the City, and the Hana Association is the one in charge of general management of the rest.
There are two kinds of folks who hang around in the Backstreets at night: the predator and the prey.
There are unique guest characters who have set names and stories as well as generic guests who have only a title rather than a name.
There are ways to overcome it, though.
There aren’t many workshops that can craft guns.
There can be multiple Managerial Works to unlock, each one displaying different information of the Abnormality.
There is no Sephirah for the Architecture Team.
There is no halting now.
There is no need to suffer harshly for the loss of [Agent].
There is nothing majorly harmful on this day and the only thing that happens is visual facility effects.
There is one exception, however; it’s when a high-ranking individual temporarily devolves their power to a subordinate of theirs.
There was evident rationale to read the books of the Musicians of Bremen as well, for they could contain even the slightest hint on the Blue Reverberation’s plots he might have told them.
There was no specific pattern to it, and it was difficult to predict what would come next; it was akin to watching an erratic circus of lunacy.
There wasn’t even enough to fully cover the doll, so I scraped together the pieces of clothing to sew it back up.
There wasn’t much I could say.
There were huge bags under their eyes, and their hair was a tangled mess.
There weren’t many alternatives that could provide such huge amounts of energy.
There will be only Ordeals of White instead of any other type of Ordeal.
There will undoubtedly be some people who don’t place much importance on that emotion.
There's even the Inquisition, a subgroup within N Corp which are religious fanatics with an utter hatred of anyone or anything with mechanical prosthetics.
Therefore, I could not understand the manners of Lowell, the newly appointed Section 2 Director at the time.
Therefore, a Fixer’s grade doesn’t necessarily correlate with strength.
Therefore, an excellent leader chooses good Fixers and then puts vigor into them.
Therefore, it’s crucial to assess the strength of the ally and the condition of the enemy before you determine if you should advance or retreat.
Therefore, there is more to being a Tailor than simply weaving silk carefully.
There’re more people born than folks dying of natural causes, and the living struggle in their own positions every day.
There’s W Corp, which had to raise admission fees and get less trains running because of the energy deficiency.
There’s a huge variety of workshops.
There’s a limit to the flavors people can draw forth.
There’s a limit to training your body, and the fittest body is still no match for mechanical prosthetics or bionic organs.
There’s a ton of methods to enhance your body.
There’s a wide range of carriers and plans to choose from, each fulfilling the needs of a different type of individual or group.
There’s got to be a way to weed out the unfit without straining all of us.
There’s grades for each alley in the Backstreets.
There’s no need to argue about who is to blame.
There’s no need to cling to them.
There’s not a lot of peeps who hang around in the Backstreets alone.
There’s nothing you can do about it, unless another person whose position in the pecking order is even higher than your commander’s decides to step in and take your side.
There’s one thing we should be careful of when we use this ability: If the battle drags on for too long, or we exert too much power at once… most Reindeer will go insane.
There’s this one rule that stands squarely in this nigh-lawless land.
There’s tons of tattoo types depending on the quality of the ink and the material used, but generally speaking, you can have results like bursts of strength or skin as hard as steel.
These Tools have a 'Number of Uses' to unlock their information.
These Tools have a 'Time of Use' to unlock their information.
These Tools, unlike other Abnormalities, are added to the facility every fourth day of each six day cycle.
These accessories are similar to that.
These are used to fuse items both physically and conceptually.
These aren't manufactured but given randomly (chances range from 1% to 5%) by the Abnormalities when finishing work.
These beings act similar to The King of Greed or the Ordeals of Amber, going straight forward and dealing a considerable amount of Black Damage (17~20) to the employees in its path.
These conditions soon became a hot topic among Wing employees and Cityfolks in general!
These conflicts, where a Wing will pour as much of its resources as possible into protecting its Singularity, are known as patent wars.
These creatures randomly appear in-game during certain Qliphoth Meltdown events.
These effects are the following:
These first experiments with cogito leave abnormalities and ego behind.
These guests are invited both through Red Invitations, which make up the guided main story path of Library Of Ruina, as well as the supplementary General Invitations which are not part of the main story tree.
These meltdowns have a 60 second timer (will increase with Tiphereth's clerk bonus).
These presents are collectively known as E.G.O Gifts (E.G.O 기프트, E.G.O Gipeuteu), and will either permanently integrate into the employee’s anatomy or form an attachment with the Agent that makes them reluctant to cast the gift off.
These types of Abnormalities are not required for 100% completion of the game and do not contribute in obtaining the True Ending of the game.
These units are considered unparalleled combatants of the City, and even a sole agent dispatched from them would usually spell doom to the offender.
These “eggs” are the treasures that Wings possess.
They also have private armies in Knight Templar outfits, and don't mind hiring Ax-Crazy psychos into their ranks and blowing up stuff inside the Nests of other Wings whenever convenient.
They apparently agreed to do three tasks in exchange for gaining power.
They appear to create regulations for fellow Wings, and manages their qualifications and shutdowns.
They are also known as Nagel und Hammer, German for Nail and Hammer, with their combatants using Nails as their tool of choice for cleansing heretics.
They are also responsible for collecting taxes and ensuring everyone that lives in the City has to pay them, regardless of where or who they are.
They are also responsible for creating Sweepers to unleash on the Backstreets.
They are also returned at the end of the day.
They are business partners for L Corp, R Corp, and W Corp, supplying them with the means to function by allowing them to control the flow of time in their base of operations.
They are corporations that are so powerful that they are literally the government and law of the City.
They are divided into 3 types:
They are lured by the Books put into the Invitations, which are often of worth or use for them.
They are notably similar to, and inspired by, the various Special Containment Procedure objects from the SCP Foundation.
They are one of the Wings responsible for unwittingly assisting Ayin's Seed of Light by supplying L Corp.
They are the 'Main/Recurrent Enemies' of the game, as well as one of the main features.
They aren’t strictly wrong; we’re just hiding the bigger picture from them.
They aren’t too cold about it, though.
They asked us to catch the wicked criminals kidnapping people in the parts of the streets they live in.
They call the Backstreets unsafe because there’s this one time o’ the day when darkness comes out and your friendly neighborhood watch can’t do jacks about it.
They can change an Agent's stats, giving a slight buff or adding extra effects in certain conditions.
They can tell whether or not a Prescript has been carried out, how it was done, and if someone is delivering fabricated Prescripts.
They collect this time via the WARP trains.
They couldn’t even walk straight, and they were straining to approach me with their awkward steps.
They didn’t end up here because they gave up trying.
They do have real names, but not all of them are revealed.
They do have technology that allows for crossing dimensional borders, but it was actually something they purchased from a fallen Wing, so they don't know what's on the other side of said borders and don't want to find out.
They doggedly struggle and survive in their own ways here.
They don't even take into consideration if it's a full body prosthetic or a simple arm replacements - to them, it's all the same.
They don’t know how much more that “one plus one” deal actually costs, or how it has limitations on the grades of requests you can make… They don’t bother looking up to check if the top-grade weapons are in fact used ones.
They don’t use fancy but crude workshop weapons that are basically large amalgamations of various technologies.
They dream of earning wealth and fame, and to be free like them one day.
They even both share the combat gimmick of raising their speed to trigger conditionals based on the speed difference between them and a target.
They explain that they are heading up to the GeburaIcon.pngFloor of Language to look for a book Yesod wants.
They find him drinking alcohol together with Gebura and Roland, greatly annoying Tiphereth, who threatens to tell Angela that they are slacking off.
They give us a disappointed look, yell profanities at us… Turn into rude customers before leaving.
They go from ruthless, yet practical (U Corp outlawing the unauthorized recording the Laws of the Great Lake in order to maintain their monopoly) to the outright insane (N Corp outlawing any sort of filming).
They go quite well with Director Lowell because of that.
They had the perfect amount of tenderness and girth.
They hold radical events such as “Pay for one request, get one for free”, or group weapons into different grades and offer a free exchange for one of their most expensive ones.
They hold the City with an iron fist through an unholy combination of greed, human suffering, and outright weirdness.
They intended to do this through the release of Light (a product of their Singularity) over a period of seven days, and committed atrocities within their company to collect it.
They introduced themself as an ordinary resident of the Backstreets of District 22, and said they urgently needed help.
They just can’t, if I’m bein’ blunt.
They knew everything."
They looked so miserable and pitiful.
They maintain an order of elite knights as their military force.
They maintain patents on their Singularity and all related technologies to avoid losing their secrets to rival Wings, industry competitors, and any other interest groups.
They merely want to shine with their dreams for once, not to indulge in the sense of superiority that comes from being high up in the City’s sky.
They might also accompany Arbiters against foes that could actually threaten them.
They parcel out districts of the Backstreets and comprehensively manage their territories, and periodically hold meetings to efficiently control the Backstreets.
They performed several experiments in an attempt to make that dream come true.
They put forward the Colors as great and successful people that other Fixers will look up to.
They put your remains in a stasis box and sent it to me; that was their gesture of condolence.
They said strange things like something… keeps coming, or boiling; they were always a bit of a weirdo, so that didn’t bother me too much.
They said they don’t know what horrifying penalty they’ll have to face upon breaking the contract.
They say a delicate person like him is nothing short of pathetic here, but he had passion regardless, and he was going to be our colleague from now on.
They say the Backstreets are a nigh-inhabitable hellscape, but the people here live on somehow.
They say the terms can be a little too particular, but I disagree.
They seemed rather exhausted after fighting a swarm of the crew outside.
They seemed to be getting back on their feet after raiding the Constellars, but it looks like that didn’t last long.”
They seemed troubled by my unhelpful answer, but they soon accepted it and left the scene.
They show absolute fealty to their lords, but to the position rather than the individual; they will switch allegiance on a dime should their "leash" be handed to a new master.
They sometimes send the applicants feedback about how they can improve their designs to a passable level.
They soon found one in the old L Corp, which was also an energy company.
They specialized in genetic augmentation.
They stumbled into Oswald and his 8 O' Clock Circus and volunteered to become a puppeteer monstrosity before being thrown into the Library.
They take those very seriously, but for an outsider it's as outlandish as one could imagine.
They taste bad, too!
They think I’m a glossy punk trying to look cool, figged out with random ornaments without a second thought.
They told me they made a contract with someone and they’re scared that they might break it.
They unwittingly assisted Ayin's Seed of Light plan by providing L Corp.
They use their wings to devotedly protect their eggs from outside threat.
They viewed Carmen in different ways.
They visited us once they heard that we shredded their Fixers brutally and hung their ragged corpses on the streets like scarecrows.
They were as strong as they looked; when the blob shaped like a lion bit Pameli with its blunt teeth, her body quite literally blew up on the spot.
They were shaking like a drenched rat as they came in.
They weren’t the kind of person to get physical… so I understand.
They wield large batons, high-powered firearms (Noted to be so powerful that Don Quixote was swiftly torn to pieces when she was shot a few times) and riot shields.
They will also get all bad endings before the 100% Seed of Light ending in the Story replay viewer.
They won’t notice any oddity or displacement in their dialogue; any thoughts they had or words they were about to speak will be restored and resumed seamlessly.
They're also behind the N.
They're also collectively the most powerful entities in the City and perpetuate its cycle of suffering, making them the Greater-Scope Villain of the setting as a whole.
They're also heavy on nanomachine and robotic development.
They're also implied to have something to do with mental rehabilitation, or some form of modifying the psyche, as well as a mysterious knight order named the Order of the Lunar Visage.
They're approaching from inside me.’ All with a mysteriously bright glint in their eyes.
They're headed by a cult leader titled The One Who Grips, and work as a paramilitary "inquisition" squad under N Corp.
They're multiplying in numbers.
They’d even shun the others whose clothes or manner didn’t fit their turf’s style.
They’d keep pressing on and wipe their targets, no matter how harsh their resistance was… I was like, whoa, they really are something else.
They’d never treat their meat nicely before handing it to us.
They’ll come for you.
They’re allegedly working as “The Distortion Detective”, but recent witnesses of their appearance were always followed with a Distortion case in the same location.
They’re basically expendables.
They’re bundled into such a category because the Hana deemed them to be the most ideal Fixers.
They’re entangled like spiderwebs, and spread far and wide, so it is virtually impossible for one to know every single thing that occurs in the Backstreets.
They’re good for making arrogant idiots let their guard down, but before that, they’re workshop products with real, practical uses.
They’re just absurdly expensive.
They’re simply doing their jobs to make a living.
They’re standing right before my eyes reproaching me, but I can’t dismiss them as mere illusions.
They’re the bad ones… It’s derisive how shallow my admiration for my master and seonbae was, changing my attitude toward them so easily out of selfish self-preservation.
They’re the people who pursue the ultimate delicacy.
They’ve apparently set up a camp at the door of the Library, though no one knows what they’re waiting for.
They’ve been making quite a scene in L Corp’s Nest… In particular, the lives of many Syndicates, Fixers, and residents close to the Library were lost to their hands, so the Association couldn’t just sit and watch anymore.
They’ve been researching this new and exciting technology lately, but they say they’re too scared to head into that place even if there’s vital information to be found.
Thick smoke covered that Nest.
Thing is, ‘capability’ can mean many things.
Things… just happen like that.
Think about it.
Think what you want.
Thinking alone doesn’t make progress, and too much caution can be a harm to oneself.
This ability happens twice.
This affects the background, containment units, entities and particle effects.
This allows the player to order normally unavailable works like Attachment with Der Freischütz.
This article contains details that might spoil the story of Library Of Ruina.
This attack occurs twice in Phase 2.
This attack occurs twice in Phase 3.
This box: view • talk • edit
This can also reduce the level of the agent's stats.
This can be information about the Qliphoth Counter, work preferences, harmful effects, breaching abilities and others.
This category has only the following subcategory.
This confuses Roland, since this description could seemingly apply to Carmen as well.
This damned power of recall lost all my good childhood memories to oblivion, yet it brings back such remembrances every time I close my eyes.
This day consists of only what is said above and is the easiest day out of the four.
This day is to show what is yet to come in the other three days that follows.
This effect covers the screen completely for a moment after the day starts and again when reaching Qliphoth Meltdown Level 2 and 4.
This ends up working against them when the Technology Liberation Alliance hijacks their drones, forcing K Corp's security to fight against the sinners on threat of being injected with decay ampules.
This event consists of the common effects said above and the inclusion of only the Atziluth Sephirah bosses (Hokma, and later Binah).
This event consists of the common effects said above and the inclusion of only the Briah Sephirah bosses (Tiphereth, Chesed and later Gebura).
This event is the driving force of the rift between the two at the Library.
This event, known as the White Nights and Dark Days, initiated the Distortion Phenomenon.
This flow never leads us to bad places, however.
This hierarchical structure is still effective outside of the Syndicate.
This includes Roland's "Furioso" along with Gebura's "Great Split - Horizontal" and "Great Split - Vertical," and a special animation plays when he negates the latter.
This includes the energy quota meter, the Qliphoth Meltdown gauge, employees' stats, work and suppression tasks, Managerial Bullet bar, Work log, Game Speed, Abnormality codex, pause screen and Management Report.
This is a secret I’ve only told Julia, but San actually used to be a huge coward.
This is also played with in terms of how their singularity operates for its citizens.
This is also the apparent fate of any humans consumed by a Whale of the Lake and turned into a Mermaid.
This is an area handled by the Hana Association and Öufi Association, a specialist in dealings and transactions.
This is because L Corp's collapse was accompanied by the White Nights and Dark Days, which impacted the entire City and not just its own Nest like other past collapses.[21]
This is because L Corp.'s collapse was accompanied by the White Nights and Dark Days, which impacted the entire City and not just its own Nest like other past collapses.
This is done in order to buy time for him so he might make amends with his subordinates and complete Carmen's final wish, something that he actually forgot after dozens of loops until it's brought to him.
This is eventually averted in Limbus Company, which gives the Wings and their personnel A Day in the Limelight.
This is exploited by Jia Yuanchun and Lei Heng during their respective coup attempts on Jia Xichun, as Jia Xichun isn't technically the Hierarch until she has properly ascended, despite being the victor of the Hierarch Evaluation.
This is kinda embarrassing, but… I used to have a dream once, like Pete does now.
This is one of the best compliments you can hear in District 23.
This is the Nest of gambling.
This is top of seeing the bus used by Limbus Company as a heretical vehicle and being willing to spare the entire team on the condition that they behead Dante on their behalf.
This is unlike what Netzach had previously known of Hokma; Hokma muses that he is changing as a person.
This job is such a busy one, two eyes just aren’t enough.
This led to four days of complete darkness during which negative emotions such as misery and grief overwhelmed any and all positive emotions gained from the Light.
This liquid is what constitutes and moves our body, but we also use the liquid to sweep the streets and dine.
This list reflects all known information about the Wings as of the time that Library Of Ruina takes place.
This makes it a good time for any prospective Wings, Syndicates, and other factions to try and seize the throne by force or implant their own proxy ruler, possibly starting a full-on War of the Wings.
This makes them look out of this time period when put beside the more modernized Wings, and especially while inside the borders of the futuristic K Corp.
This notably has no letter classification, but likewise seems to be indicative of a placeholder for subjects inapplicable to the classification code system.
This often involves purchasing technology from other Wings, which can be an extremely expensive task.
This one’s on me for using it for too long, and I hear quality products usually get regular repairs and maintenance to prevent that… The side effects on my gear’s pretty minor and negligible, but in worse cases, you get some poor sod whose neck got snapped by the necklace they were wearing.
This page reflects the status of the Wings up to and as of Library Of Ruina.
This prevents Binah’s “Pillar” from properly neutralizing his “Serum W.”
This quickly brought the Distortion into the public perception, though most still remain unaware that smaller cases of the Distortion occur throughout the City.
This section contains spoilers related to the story of Lobotomy Corporation.
This section will explain the basics of them and most features that the Abnormalities share.
This sensation is often called a phosphene.
This tech isn’t just used for long-distance travel.
This technology doesn’t originally belong to us.
This transcription is retained even in the current version of the Japanese translation of Lobotomy Corporation.
This vary from simple Healing to breaching containment.
This voice, described as beautiful and otherworldly, is actually that of Carmen, who had come to regret her self-sacrifice and chose to use her presence in the Light to encourage others to accept and love themselves, flaws and desires alike...
This was rather sudden, and you’ll need some time to collect your thoughts.”
This wasn’t always the prim and proper Office of amenable Fixers that it is now.
This world’s one giant hamster wheel.
Those armchair fellows certainly have their wits… Their keen eyes will catch the signs hidden in even the most elaborate of disguises.
Those crooked bastards’ll do anything for profit.
Those crooks at W Corp...
Those dummies… Think about it for a moment.
Those honest, virtuous eyes… Even when someone jeered at her speech, even when everyone despaired in the face of an obstacle that brought progress to a halt, Carmen never stopped looking after others.
Those kinds of things happen all the time in the Backstreets.
Those megacorporations sue one another for patent infringement, or accuse one another for stealing their patent… Us small fries can watch the giants clash without worrying about getting caught in the crossfire; in fact, we benefit from such conflict!
Those nerds at examinee towns ain’t too different from Rats like us.
Those sickfucks even used some kinda Singularity to keep ‘em alive.
Those small choices can add up, and result in countless worlds where countless outcomes unfold.
Those who couldn't accept their fate tried to escape, like an employee who broke himself whenever executing order "Redacted".
Those who create and provide such fabric are called ‘Tailors’.
Those who have been assigned a color are called the ‘Colors’; a Color is the pride of the Fixer and the Associations.
Those who have been chosen by the Prescripts will decide whether to become a Proselyte.
Those who knew their identity or saw their agents personally never lived to tell the tale.
Those who violate them are punished on the spot.
Those words would’ve wounded me for sure, but they were also words that would protect me.
Though E.G.O Gifts are of a lesser degree than regular E.G.O Equipment, they are still a part of the egos of the Abnormalities they originated from, and carry the same risk of mental deterioration if too many Gifts are taken by an Agent.
Though it's noted that they actually hate mechanical prosthetics specifically.
Though, I have no clue how our paths managed to converge, or what about the paths led them to cross… One thing I can say for certain is that… our relationship isn’t a superficial bond between two directors.
Though, our group’s moral compass is tilted a bit to the dark side, so I can’t give you a good example myself…
Though, yeah, I know what you’re about to say.
Thoughtcrime: Sometimes they extend their draconian laws and Taboos to even holding the incriminating subjects within the mind.
Through a series of manipulations, Ayin and Benjamin caused the Smoke War, which led to this Wing's collapse and allowed Lobotomy Corp.
Through the cloning process, thousands of clones of one individual are created from 'Hatcheries'.
Through these documents, you can verify various facts and secure executory force.
Through this, T Corp.
Thud.
Thus L Corp.
Thus and therefore, people have the wrong idea about how to have hopes!
Thus, I told my buddy that I’d visit that place for them once I’m finished developing this one thing.
Thus, these threats are out of the hands of the Extraction Team and wreak havoc across the facility almost uncontrollably, if not for them being incapacitated by Qliphoth Deterrence in the way Abnormalities are.
Thus, we need to have an open mind that can accept opinions that differ from our own in moderation.
Tie ‘em, smack ‘em, anythin’ goes.
Time Master: Their TimeTrack Singularity allows them to manipulate the flow of time.
Time Stands Still: After a fashion.
TimeTrack.
Tiphereth Meltdown
Tiphereth accepts it.
Tiphereth agrees, saying Chesed doesn't need to find an excuse for them.
Tiphereth apologizes for being immature and says she now knows not to belittle them, either.
Tiphereth explains that she received a large pile of books to organize, but the only open shelves are very high up and it is difficult for her to reach them.
Tiphereth harshly shuts this down, scolding him for his behavior and saying she had just started to improve her opinion of him but was now reconsidering it again.
Tiphereth thanks the four Patron Librarians for their help.
Tiphereth wants nothing to do with their drinking, so Netzach tells her to ask her question and leave.
Tiphereth's Boss appearance
Tiphereth's Core Suppression is available after Day 36.
Tiphereth's handicaps against the facility are the following:
Tiphereth, Gebura, and Chesed are together on the ChesedIcon.pngFloor of Social Sciences.
TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Nat.
TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Natural Sciences - GeburaIcon.pngFloor of Language - ChesedIcon.pngFloor of Social Sciences
To a leader of the Liu, the most crucial element that can make or break a battle is vigor; not the competence or strength of individuals.
To accept such outcomes, one must learn to give up certain pursuits...
To access their Information Tab, the player must click on the name of the Abnormality while in the Management Phase or their portrait while in the Deployment Phase.
To be frank… I just couldn’t understand what they were saying.
To be precise, someone had to keep his impulse to jump into action before thinking on a dog’s leash.
To better quash their opposition, the Head possesses a wide array of shock troops that no other entity in the City possesses, such as Arbiters (Directly managed by the Head), Beholders (Managed by B Corp/the Eye), Claws (Managed by C Corp/The Claw), and their own Fixers.
To finish the event, the player must collect all required energy and reach Qliphoth Meltdown Level 6.
To finish the event, the player must collect all the energy and reach Qliphoth Meltdown Level 8.
To finish the event, the player must collect all the energy, reach, and complete Qliphoth Meltdown Level 10.
To finish the event, the player must defeat An Arbiter.
To finish the event, the player must defeat The Red Mist.
To finish the event, the player must reach Qliphoth Meltdown Level 10.
To finish this day the player must Collect all the Energy.
To finish this day the player must collect all the energy and suppress the Midnight of White, also known as "The Claw".
To finish this day, the player must collect all the energy and complete Qliphoth Meltdown level 6.
To finish this day, the player must either collect all the energy and complete Qliphoth Meltdown level 10 or suppress An Arbiter.
To finish this day, the player must either collect all the energy and reach Qliphoth Meltdown level 10 (Tiphereth) or suppress the Red Mist.
To give you an example, Big Sis resolved a huge case the other day, but we got absolutely nothing out of it because she forgot to sign a contract for it.
To join a Wing and become a feather, is required to be better than ordinary people.
To know more about a person, or to go further and see what they are seeing together.
To make matters worse, it encroaches on the Outskirts, which also qualifies as this.
To put it in layman’s terms, even if your body is crushed to a pulp, it can be restored to a recorded state as long as all the pieces remain.
To put it in the nicest way possible, they had a unique niche only they could fill; and as a matter of fact, bringing them to orthodox battles would do more harm than good.
To recreate the performance half as splendid as what we heard that day, we formed the Musicians of Bremen to study the music.
To restore the train, the passengers have to be in their seats.
To return one of these Tools, simply click on the Tool's Containment Unit.
To top it all off, they charge huge sums of taxes over almost everything.
Today’s not gonna be the same as the days before; I have good news.
Too bad you really have to be biologically augmented to even qualify lifting a sword.
Too bad, there goes your peaceful respite.
Too irresolute to endure the wounds his own blade would leave, let alone the assault of others… A body free of scars is proof of cowardice.
Tool Abnormalities
Tool Abnormalities are another type of Abnormality that are used.
Tools give positive effects, like healing, energy production or Stat boost, among others, often for a cost.
Transcript See Small Stories 1
Transcript See Small Stories 2
Transcript See Small Stories 3
Transcript See Small Stories 4
Transcript See Small Stories 5
Transcript See Small Stories 6
Transcript See Small Stories 7
Transcript See Small Stories 8
Transcript See Small Stories 9
Trash in a trash can are grading each other… The parts that’re under the protection of a Syndicate, Office, or Association are pretty safe.
Trash the Set: In the penultimate turn of the Head encounter, she will unleash an attack named "Shockwave", which instantly blows a crater in the Floor of General Works after she uses it.
Traumatic experiences, phobias, or intense emotions.
Tree of Light (Day 50)
Trivia
Trust in yourselves.
Trustworthy Syndicate… It’s a shame, really.
Trying to pause or change the game speed will cause a certain dialogue line to appear on the screen.
Turn a blind eye to all that tries to hurt me.
Turn a deaf ear to words that will lead me down the wrong path.
Turn a mute mouth to unnecessary evil.
Turns Red: Myo can use her unique page, "Savage Mode", to turn her ranged pages into melee ones and unlock her mass attack page.
Two long mechanical appendages come out from her left side, rising up to the ceiling.
Two people arguing with each other… I decided to get close to the door and eavesdrop on them.
Two types of damage are boosted.
Type
U Corp.
Ugh, crap… Another day without work!
Ultimately, L Corp.
Ultimately, it is up to the individual to master their own emotions.
Unfazed Everyman: They don't seem overly bothered by Love Town, although this could be because they're used to this sort of thing.
Unfortunately, that raid resulted in the exact conditions where Ayin could create Angela within the City, effectively creating the monster they attempt to preemptively prevent the creation of.
Union Co.
Unknown Abnormality Icon
Unless the Nest falls, of course.
Unless you want to learn the secrets of the City, it would be best not to flip past this page any further.
Unless you’re at rock bottom, of course.
Unlike Arbiters and Claws whose activities are actually documented (albeit few live to see and tell the tale), nobody has actually saw a Beholder in action.
Unlike Lisa who was wary and reluctant to open up to us, Enoch showed interest in our research, and volunteered to be a test subject the other day.
Unlike a simple authoritarian regime, the Head doesn't NEED to wave its stick around and minutely control everything in the City - they simply uphold their personal laws and maintain the system, because that's all they need to do to keep the cycle of hurting going.
Unlike the small needles fired from the explosion of A-01 or A-02 that could only leave small dents on building structures, the giant needles flung by A-03 caused buildings to helplessly melt.
Unlike the so-called public safety Association that starts with a Z… whatever that stuffy org is called, the neighborhood watch ain’t chained to any official authority nor do they ask for huge fees.
Unlock condition Fully realize all Floors apart from the KeterIcon.pngFloor of General Works
Unlock condition Fully realize all four Lower Floors (MalkuthIcon.pngFloor of History, YesodIcon.pngFloor of Technological Sciences, HodIcon.pngFloor of Literature, and NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art) as well as the TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Natural Sciences
Unlock condition Fully realize all four Lower Floors (MalkuthIcon.pngFloor of History, YesodIcon.pngFloor of Technological Sciences, HodIcon.pngFloor of Literature, and NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art)1
Unlock condition Fully realize all three Middle Floors (TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Natural Sciences, GeburaIcon.pngFloor of Language, and ChesedIcon.pngFloor of Social Sciences)
Unlock condition Fully realize the BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy and the HokmaIcon.pngFloor of Religion
Unlock condition Fully realize the HodIcon.pngFloor of Literature, and have the GeburaIcon.pngFloor of Language and the BinahIcon.pngFloor of Philosophy opened
Unlock condition Fully realize the NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art, and have the HokmaIcon.pngFloor of Religion at realization level III or higher (i.e.
Unlock condition Fully realize the YesodIcon.pngFloor of Technological Sciences, the NetzachIcon.pngFloor of Art, and the three Middle Floors (TipherethIcon.pngFloor of Natural Sciences, GeburaIcon.pngFloor of Language, and ChesedIcon.pngFloor of Social Sciences)
Unlocking Observation Levels also add Entries to the Abnormality's Story, which can be access at the top left of the information tab of the Abnormality.
Unnecessary emotions are unfavorable, said by Hokma.
Unobtainable
Unreliable Narrator: The majority of information about them comes from Gregor's memories of his time in G Corp's.
Unstable Page of the Crying Children
Until the Index gave us a Prescript, we did our work without taking orders from anyone, unchained to any Syndicate or other organization.
Unused Qliphoth Counters are marked with a 'X' instead of a number.
Up until this point, she has clung to the memories of her sufferings and subsequent desire for vengeance, and fears that there will be nothing left for her if she overcomes this.
Upon passing next to a containment unit, it will add a Qliphoth Meltdown to it, with dark effects on its containment door.
Upon reaching her target, she will perform a flurry of attacks with Twilight, dealing 90-110 of a random type of damage 10 times to every employee in the room.
Upon removing them, a golden orb will be shot towards An Arbiter and upon removing all of them in time, An Arbiter will be stunned, unable to move and attack for a while, becoming open to attacks.
Upon removing them, a gray orb will be shot towards An Arbiter and upon removing all of them in time, An Arbiter's defenses will decrease, becoming Vulnerable (2.0) against all the Damage Types for a while, before decreasing to Endured (0.8).
Upon seeing a target in the same room, An Arbiter will perform an attack.
Urban Legend
Urban Legend (Zwei Crewmembers - Zwei Association Ⅰ - Zwei Association Ⅱ) • Stray Dogs • Molar Office
Urban Myth
Urban Myth Pierre’s Bistro • (Streetlight Office - Lulu of Streetlight)
Urban Myths, Urban Legends, Urban Plagues, Urban Nightmares, and Stars of the City… Risk is not what determines their grade.
Urban Nightmare
Urban Nightmare Sweepers • Index Proselytes
Urban Plague
Urban Plague The Carnival • Kurokumo Clan
UrbanLegendIcon.png Urban Legend UrbanLegendIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1)
UrbanMythIcon.png Urban Myth UrbanMythIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1)
UrbanNightmareIcon.png Urban Nightmare UrbanNightmareIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1)
UrbanPlagueIcon.png Urban Plague UrbanPlagueIcon.pngPrologue (Episode 1)
Us Rhinos specialize in using physical strength.
Used for both building construction and item storage.
Uses agents of the Head referred to as 'Beholders'.
Uses agents of the Head referred to as 'Beholders'.[23][15]
Uses military agents of the Head referred to as 'Claws' to eliminate threats as appointed by the Head, as well as punish culprits of tax evasion and patent infringement as delegated by the Eye.
Uses military agents of the Head referred to as 'Claws' to eliminate threats as appointed by the Head, as well as punish culprits of tax evasion and patent infringement as delegated by the Eye.[22]
Uses special agents referred to as 'Arbiters' to carry out its tasks.[22][13]
Uses special agents referred to as 'Arbiters'.
Using them, I could protect more people, and I was able to draw forth more durability and strength.
Usually, a Syndicate causes a scene and Fixers come over to take care of it.
Usually, a group of five to six Proselytes accompany a Proxy, learning the rules of the Index and the role of each rank.
Usually, the laws will make a twisted amount of sense when explained in full, but that requires getting into the personal morality of each Wing.
Usually, this occurs if they have urgent business that prevents them from joining a meeting, or when they need their peer to know something that the subordinate can explain more professionally… It’s still a rare occurrence even then.
V Corp.
Valentin’s Page
Valerie’s Page
Vergilius' office and Dawn Office were located in V Corp's Nest.
Vergillus's story also mentions them selling canned experiences that makes anyone who consumed them experience the feeling of committing suicide.
Vespa Crabro
Victory
Viewers aren’t genuinely concerned for the people on the rectangular screen.
Vilifying others.
Violating a Taboo will cause N Corp.
Virtually no Abnormality in this category is capable of independent movement throughout the facility, remaining mostly stationary, with certain exceptions; locomotion is limited to teleportation or attaching themselves to an employee.
Voiced by: Choi Hyeonsu
Voiced by: Gabin
Voiced by: Lee Myeong-ho
Void.
W Corp is extremely cautious around this secret, which is only handled by a select few because they wipe the passenger's memories to make them feel like they passed 10 seconds in the train instead of 2,000 years.
W Corp's actual Singularity is a "save point" which can restore anything back to its original condition as of the time of the save point, which they use together with teleportation technology.[37]
W Corp's singularity is marketed as the ability to warp through space to reach any place within 10 seconds.
W Corp.
W Corp’s Singularity is the restoration of a previous status.
W-wait, please listen to my story to the end.
WARP Cleanup Crew
WARP Cleanup Crew Chapter 2.4 1 Book of a Puppet
WARP Corp.'s Singularity is a "save point" which can restore anything back to its original condition, but advertised as a near-instantaneous transportation system via their WARP Trains.
WARPCleanUpCrewIcon
WHITE for the white horse of Conquest.
Waiting and enduring until I seize the chance to bring the Shi back to glory… I firmly believe that everything will take a turn for the better once I take care of this work.
Walking Spoiler: Knowing their true Singularity can be quite the Wham Shot.
Walter’s Page
Wang’s Page
Was like they were returning to their hometown or something.
Watching the Backstreet’s apparently a trend among Nest dwellers these days.
Way, way way way waaaaaay~ below that!
We Syndicates do the things Fixers can’t dare take care of.
We Wedge pierce the requests we get with swiftness and precision.
We all could safely become a family thanks to her.
We all know that’ll lead to a war between Wings.
We all know what happens if we don’t abide by them…
We almost got into serious danger one time.
We are Tailors who consume people and make silk out of them.
We are Udjat.
We are conscious of the attention of people during the daytime.
We are hunters of the City.
We are ready to perform any feat that she demands.
We aren’t robots.
We can precisely cleave lumps into individual pieces with the help of the space-ripping technology.
We can wet ourselves in new colors every day, unlike the rest of you.
We can’t let them mess around and taint our name, either.
We crawl about the dark in packs, and jump at prey for the chance to bite ‘em apart when we spot one.
We did meet each other after a long time, but that’s another story.
We didn’t start out as Fixers at the beginning.
We disagreed on every aspect, from strategies to personalities; I thought my relationship with her would stay a formal relation between two coworking directors of an association.
We do have a tendency to shoot first at any non-Rabbit in the area that comes into our sight.
We do hear often that we’ve gotta watch out, though.
We don't even know that they have high ranking units until the epilogue of Library of Ruina.
We don’t want anyone peeping at us, so stick right next to me.
We don’t write official contracts or anything, so the highest bidder gets our favor.
We elbow our way past others so we can survive, and the losers are knocked outta the race.
We even got the highest grade meat sometimes if we were lucky.
We get hundreds of calls each day.
We get requests and solve problems.
We gotta be careful not to get swung or swayed around, or bind ourselves with our own metal.
We hate being bound to rules, so hell’ll freeze over before one of us joins an Office, and no Rat I know would move to an examinee town and study for Wing entrance exams.
We have already made the first step.
We helped each other with our strengths, and we could just live on by dealing with matters at hand back in the day.
We just earn a bit more than others, and live in a bit more comfort than others.
We live in turbulent times when Wings are destined to fall behind in the market if they don’t respond to patent disputes effectively, big or small!
We merely took hold of a technology that came off patent when a Wing was broken.
We merely watch events unfold as bystanders.
We must exercise concentration and resoluteness in all situations.
We must humbly keep our post.
We never got to hear the deets.
We often stand on the front line instead of the frail Rabbits and Reindeer.
We pick the right ammo for the right situation.
We practice caution.
We select the fittest one among them.
We should base our actions on the premise that we shall manage this without fail.
We simply serve as stepping stones for her ascent to the top.
We sometimes utilize K Corp’s Singularities to protect our sanity or mitigate the mental damage, although we can’t afford to use it often.
We started spending more time together outside of work; people intersect one another somehow.
We still couldn’t come close to the Pianist’s level, but we managed to make our own brand of music, something that only the Musicians of Bremen can play.
We still do help ‘em out sometimes nowadays.
We tried flicking strings here and there… Playing music while sitting, on our backs, and even while handstanding!
We used to hand over the leftovers from our performance here to local restaurants.
We were free, as some may call it.
We were told by our new client to hang their head and guts out in the streets, to make an example of ‘em.
We will spend our days in yet grander debauchery.
We work for the single goal of victory.
We would share each other’s tastes and preferences, and sometimes head to a restaurant for a meal just like that.
Weak and dowdy folks gotta band together to survive.
Weakass wimps run away at the sight of my tattoo.
Weapon) across the facility (much like the bullets of Der Freischütz), dealing 100 Black damage to any entity in the way.
Weapon) and Justitia ( Judgement Bird's E.G.O.
Weapon) and Mimicry (Nothing There's E.G.O.
Weapon) and Red Eyes (Spider Bud's E.G.O.
Weapon), creating portals in random places in facility and running through them, dealing (100) Red Damage to anyone in the way.
Weapon).
Weaponized Teleportation: Baral's "Serum W" attack has him grab his target and smash them through a rip in space, dragging them through every floor of the Library.
Weapons change the Damage Type and value that an Agent deals, as well the Range and Firing Speed.
Wedge Office
Wedge Office Chapter 2.3 1 Book of Salvador
Wedge Office excels at analyzing the capabilities of foes, and Dawn Office specializes in combat, so it’s only natural that we go well together.
WedgeOfficeIcon
Weird Currency: Canto VI of Limbus Company reveals that time itself is used as a form of currency in conjunction with the usual Ahn in the District.
Weird Currency: The Wing uses space as a means to measure the wealth of an individual, measured using the scale of "rooms".
Well, maybe a little hint… Oftentimes, something will be off about the way they act or talk.
Well, money is the only thing that gets Fixers moving, so that’s understandable.
Well, stumbling on the scene o’ the crime ain’t banned.
Well… If you really become the main character of one of those tales, be honored.
Well… It wasn’t entirely out of goodwill.
Well… You could say it’s a longstanding love-hate relationship.
Were they a real thing?”
We—on the other hand—don’t see any colors in those.
We’d been too busy to contact each other often ever since I moved to this Office, but then Myo called me out for a date one day.
We’ll leave ourselves open for attacks if we take our sweet time to tell ‘em apart, so we’ve got to strike first.
We’re about to collide with Kingfishers again.”
We’re actually leagues nicer than those Office fucks who exploit and abandon each other with every breath.
We’re big in numbers, casualties are replaced quickly, and we fearlessly proceed and get the job done.
We’re good at pushing ahead, if nothing else!
We’re good business partners.
We’re happy, though.
We’re just too tacky and amateurish to be called one.
We’re living as we like in the Backstreets.
We’re renowned for rating the threat level of hazards that occur in the City, and grading Fixers and Offices.
We’re simply looking for what we lack.
We’ve got two options!
We’ve taken some serious damage on our side.”
Wham Episode: Their reception reveals that events such as Love Town weren't simple accidents or malfunctions.
Whenever a game happens with something at stake, a go-between needs to be there to prove that the results were legitimate.
Whether due to running afoul of the Head and being demolished as a result, suffering an incident with their Singularity and imploding, simply failing commercially, or other causes, the Wing's Nest will be thrown into chaos as the Wing tears itself apart.
Whether it’s melting people inside our belly and congealing them in a mold, or it’s unraveling humans into the thread they’re really made of, the fundamentals do not matter.
Which is a tad bit unfortunate~ We sometimes got tasty meals for free when we gave them our meat.
Which means the Inquisition is acting under its name.
Which means we can subdue them right away even if they try to resist.
Which was frankly understandable as we were a total foul-up of an army at the time, and it took a considerable amount of time for us to improve to our current state.
While A Corp.
While Abnormalities can generally be considered monsters, the word 'monster' is used as an umbrella term for many different kinds of entities distinct from Abnormalities (i.e., the Mermaids and Whales found in the Great Lake).
While I was dithering, she sighed at me and approached me.
While Zena and Baral easily gain the upper hand against the trio, they are forced to retreat as Luda had finalized the banishment procedures for L Corp's Nest.
While a clear conclusion on this case has yet to be made, it is speculated to be a case of the Distortion based on the apparent inability to confirm the cause or analyze the composition.
While being an obviously dangerous shadow dictator group, their regulations are rife with weirdness and often makes no common sense whatsoever.
While humans maintain their form with the shell they call flesh and skin, we maintain our form with the suit we wear.
While it's illuminated, the corresponding damage type dealt to employees will be multiplied (x5).
While it’s a Grade 1 Office on the surface, we only receive requests from one person.
While no longer being able to clearly recollect what he saw, Roland retains the sickening knowledge that Singularities themselves operate on human pain and suffering, which leads him to further despise the citizens who benefit from them, himself included.[7]
While the City remained mostly unaware of Distortions following the White Nights and Dark Days, this quickly changed after the manifestation of the Pianist and the destruction it left in its wake.
While the earnings of an average Nest resident are significantly higher than those of a person inhabiting the Backstreets, there’s also a notable wage gap among the Nest habitants.
While the issue was alleviated with Library of Ruina and later installments of the franchise, with Abnormalities being referred to as ‘Gensōtai’ (幻想体, げんそうたい), the JP fandom still habitually refer Abnormalities as ‘Abunōmariti’ (アブノーマリティ).
While the workers at Lobotomy Corporation are aware that Enkephalin is produced via interaction with Abnormalities, only the workers at the main branch of Lobotomy Corporation are aware that Lobotomy Corporation's singularity actually creates Abnormalities by forcefully injecting people with Cogito.
While there have been several Wing collapses in the City's history, the most recent collapse, that of Lobotomy Corporation, the L Corp of Nest L, is unprecedented.
While there have been several Wing collapses in the City's history, the most recent collapse, that of Lobotomy Corporation, the L Corp.
While these number designations are unexplained, the long-standing speculations for the group types given to Abnormalities are as follows:
While they still contain dangerous creatures, they aren't locked unlike the original facility, and employees can freely enter and exit.
While those traits do play a role in higher Sections, the most important quality is how well the Fixer meshes with their leader’s combat style.
White Nights and Dark Days
Wiki Directory
Willfully Weak: Each Heishou Striker in-game is level 60, well above what the Sinners are capable of at the time.
Wing Collapse
Wing Description
Wings
Wings A Corp.
Wings also offer high payouts for any requests they deliver.
Wings also offer high payouts for any requests they deliver.[10][11][12]
Wings are viewed as sources of financial stability and security, as well as social refuge.
Wings can even invest in other Wings to help them develop.
Wings have differing degrees of presence, influence, and benevolence with regards to their Backstreets, although their relationship is ultimately exploitative, even for more cooperative Wings.
Wings use highly selective entrance exams which test applicants' mental prowess (but occasionally also other factors) to determine who will ultimately join its corporate machine.
Wings which disobey the Head's decrees can be stripped of their status and shut down under B Corp's regulations.[13][15]
With a strategy that is fated to lead us to triumph, we face enemies that are fated to lose.
With my head cool, I calmly considered my next move.
With that, any and all kinds of pandemonium into which the carriages may have turned can be reverted with a single button.
With the device made by T Corp.
With the exception of H Corp, L Corp, and the old L Corp, the names of all other Wings listed below are unofficial.
With the last Syndicate member down, the street was open.
With the same, gentle hands that made your doll the first time.
With this, Angela snaps her fingers and teleports Netzach and his assistants to them, saying that she has the power to track down and move anyone in the Library.
With vigor, even the weakest creek can carry heavy rocks like a gale blowing up leaves.
Without a contract, there’s no assurance that we’ll score a record for our career or get our due payment.
Without due payment, the Association will not move.
Without this shell, we would deform and spill on the ground like them.
Wolfpack Boss: For the final act of their second reception, you're forced to fight all the leaders of the Fourth Pack at once.
WonderLab
Wondering if this was a product of some new Singularity, I asked Carmen what the thing was; she only said that I’ll have to get used to it, since there’s little she can do about how it looks.
Work Preferences/Favor: A list of 4 minor sections that unlock the overall preferences of the respective work, showing the Success Rate for the each 5 level of that work, depending on the stat level of the employee performing that work.
Working and removing a special Meltdown will help to stop An Arbiter's power.
Works and Interactions: The main interaction with the Abnormalities are by sending Agents to their Containment Units to perform one of the four works available: Instinct, Insight, Attachment, and Repression.
Workshop equipment is not your average weaponry.
Workshops Leaflet Workshop • YuRia Atelier • Allas Workshop • Zelkova Workshop • Old Boys Workshop • Ranga Workshop
X (Player) / A
X Corp.
Xiao
Xiao Chapter 3.3 1 Book of Chun
Xiao as a person valued the lives of her colleagues, although her position forced her to keep her farewell to deceased teammates short, since carrying out her duty and emerging victorious came first.
Xiao was a cold person who wouldn’t easily show her feelings.
XiaoIcon
Xiao’s Page
Yae’s Page
YanIcon
YanIcon.png얀샋ㄷ요무 (Episode 1) • ThePurpleTearIcon.pngThe Purple Tear (Episode 1) • XiaoIcon.pngXiao (Episode 1) • RCorpIcon.pngR Corp.
Yang’s Page
Yeah, I know, I’m still younger than him with a long future ahead of me.
Yeah, I think it was.
Yeah, those filthy and wretched Rats everyone looks down upon.
Yeah.
Yep, MuMu and Oink.
Yes.
Yesod Meltdown
Yesod asks Roland if he knows where Netzach is, and Roland claims not to know.
Yesod comments about how complex the subjects of the books on Tiphereth's floor are.
Yesod wonders what Chesed and Gebura are busy with: Tiphereth says Chesed is providing his hospitality to the Assistant Librarians from various Floors who stop by for coffee, while Gebura is meditating and Tiphereth says she would feel bad to interrupt her.
Yesod's Boss appearance
Yesod's Core Suppression is available after Day 21 if Tiphereth's third mission and Malkuth's fourth mission are completed.
Yesod's handicaps against the facility are the following:
YesodIcon.pngFloor of Tech.
Yesterday's Promise
Yet, I was frozen stiff when I heard that.
You Have Failed Me:
You always have too much to say… Here’s the deal, Olga; I’ve got a lush grassland to show you, so graze it to your heart’s content and bring some of its veggies for me.
You always looked after me, sis.
You can buy a desire stimulation chip and plug it in your brain, inject medications, or use other methods.
You can count on us!’ Hang up a slogan like this, people get hooked up.
You can lock basically anything that’s open in one sense or another.
You can record it, sure.
You can save up in case of emergencies, or send your children to better schools.
You can’t feel anything get stuck in your body, be it a piece of paper or a knife.
You can’t get trigger happy.
You can’t see it with your eyes.
You can’t stand the noise that’s getting to your head, so you decide to ask your neighbor to please be considerate and lower the volume.
You can’t taste anything when you eat delicious food, and you can’t feel the softness and coziness of a good bed.
You can’t use the weapons that haven’t passed their evaluation.
You come home at the end of a hellish day.
You could drag a higher-up working for whatchamacallit from the Nest to the Backstreets and do whatsit to ‘em and get away with it, as long as it was during the Night in the Backstreets and no sneaky rat saw you doin’ it.
You could even find a rat inside at times.
You didn’t teach yourself to lift your legs to propel you forward; they simply moved.
You don't have to eat the bones.)’ You’d think this is an absurd instruction no sane person could follow, but those who belong to the Index will feel glad that it doesn’t require chopping off both feet or eating the bones.
You don’t need that to make guns work, though.
You get exactly what you pay for in this City.
You get what I mean!
You gotta be able to keep your body intact to do anything, so you’re pretty much forced to spend a fortune on it.
You have come to the point of no return.
You have lots of things to prepare before you can jump into the Fixer business.
You have to be seated so the scanning program can detect your genomic data and put you back on the right seat~ Oh, and the scanner has trouble reading things that are moving too much, so you should be nice and stay still in your seat!
You hear all sorts of noise daily—it almost drives you mad.
You jump into the Fixer business trying to earn money, but you need to get into debt and spend money to be able to do proper work.
You just happen to be one of the many who feel joy from common things.
You know, you’re a very caring person.
You literally storm into an Office and wreak havoc on it.
You may deceive your foes in battle, but remember that you must be true to yourself at all times.
You might as well save the money and get a quality workshop weapon or an augmentation surgery instead.
You might even think that such emotion is absolutely useless in this City.
You might think it’s fussy.
You might wake up to find melted flesh.
You need any ability, they’ve got you covered.
You need money to be able to start anything.
You never know what danger awaits you…
You never know who will be the winner until you fight.
You no longer have to worry about being evicted from the Nest for being unable to pay taxes, and you can even hire Fixers to keep you safe.
You offered to give me a prosthetic body or even a minor procedure the last time we met, but… I’m doing fine without any of that stuff.
You probably didn't see that one coming.
You return to your home before it’s too late and watch the scene from the window.
You use her original Max HP for calculations.
You used to call me that down in those horrible underground chambers.
You want to talk this over without a fight, so you battle the furious urge a million times before you go upstairs.
You'll become the food you appreciated one day, and others will appreciate what you've become.’
Your body is taught to eat!
Your body was crushed beyond recognition—I couldn’t have noticed on my own that it wasn’t a random chunk of flesh.
Your fate depends on the things you’ve done, or karma in other words.
Your friend’s head suddenly rolls over to your feet.
Your kind likes to claim that something is out of the ordinary when it’s only different from what you’ve seen and experienced before.
You’d be surprised to learn how many people in the City still cling to the idea of get-rich-quick schemes.
You’d have to be quick on the draw and shoot them in the weak spots; if you aren’t, the other options are running away or grabbing some prop to guard yourself… Like hell that’ll save you.
You’ll be made the envy of everyone once you get a request from a Wing.
You’ll be much better off making a savings account for an augment procedure or quality workshop gear.
You’ll have something to brag about to other Fixers… And the payment is big as well.
You’ll see how confusing the whole situation was if you give this file a listen.
You’ll still need a home and source of income, of course.
You’re better off saving up for a more expensive prosthetic body if you really want your senses back.
You’re bound to pick them up even if you rest for a day or two.
You’re free from all outside threats when you live in a Nest.
You’re on your own, unless you have the money to hire Fixers.
You’re the ones drenched in nasty pleasures.
Yujin’s Page
Yun'sOfficeIcon
Yuna’s Page
Yun’s Office
Yun’s Office Chapter 2 3 Episode 1: Book of Rats
Yun’s Page
Z Corp.
Zena
Zena (Unmarked Spoilers)
Zulu’s Page
Zwei Association Chapter 1 3 Episode 1: Book of Lulu and Book of Mars
Zwei Association is your shield.
Zwei Association Ⅱ
ZweiAssociationIcon
ZweiAssociationIcon.pngZwei Association (Episode 1 - Episode 2 - Episode 3) • StrayDogsIcon.pngStray Dogs (Episode 1 • MolarOfficeIcon.pngMolar Office (Episode 1)
[38] A marketable form of this technology comes as stasis preservation boxes.[39]
[Abnormality] has escaped.
[Agent] is wandering about, aimlessly searching for the sanity which they have lost.
agents accompanying them.
agents styled after the Knight Templar and the Inquisition.
all the way to Z Corp.
also took part in the war, and fought alongside the old G Corp.
and F Corp.
and N Corp., and the Inquisition employees are deployed through legit methods, so K Corp.
and R Corp.
and W Corp.
and hired Fixers to combat their opponent, promising them large sums of money as well as Nest Migration Permits.[6] I Corp.
and old G Corp.
are particularly anti-prosthetic, hunting down and butchering anyone found using mechanical body parts for their crimes against the body, seeing it as an act of mercy to impale and burn heretics over letting them continue to suffer with their replacement parts.
are so insane that they teeter into Hate Sink territory.
as a fine.
as a whole is heavily inspired by Chinese culture, with its general aesthetic bringing to mind Chinese street markets and slums, as well as architecture distinctly resembling imperial Chinese palaces and courts in the wealthy regions.
back in the days, where she would provide Abnormality extermination services for L Corp.
became the Library.
because they might drive the Manager (and probably even themselves) insane.
before 10 AM sharp on September 14th.’
before its collapse, very few personnel of any Wing have been formally introduced.
board member in a single throwaway line.
branch is waiting, with the casino security forming a third of the enemy units encountered within, and the chapter goes over the secondary power of Nest J: wishpower, which is confidence and luck condensed into disposable dust and stickers that increase their users luck and fortune.
by coercing Daniel to unleash all the Abnormalities they were housing, only to be mortally wounded by Kali and offed by A.
casino where the ruins of an old Lobotomy Corp.
complete the suppression of The Price of Silence)
device is also one of the few things capable of harming Angela in the final chapter of Library of Ruina, with her being an AI who is impervious to damage but would become uselessly catatonic once hit with a weapon that would make her experience eons of isolation in a few seconds of real time.
employees to subdue their mental stress, ranging from standard liquid doses, to even Enkephalin gas—which fills the departments throughout the facilities.
employees who formed a extremist cult based on the 'purity' of humanity - although their definition of purity is anything but consistent.
equipment.
for its Singularity.[37]
found a way to put this dimensional gate to use, which involves T Corp’s technology.
had freakishly large units in their ground armies is still present.
handles all patents and the economy of the City in general, they also collect taxes from the City; nobody, including Syndicates are able to escape this.
has Fairies, which can unlock anything that’s considered ‘locked’, physically or conceptually; G Corp.
has WARP, a fast and reliable means of transportation that’s guaranteed to deliver you to your destination on time; F Corp.
has been developing war machines in secret!” “Won’t the Head arrest them if they tried to clone humans?”
has been investigating something of late.
has spheres that can control gravity, and so on… J Corp’s Singularity is pretty much the opposite of F Corp’s: it’s a technology that can lock and seal something that’s open or exposed on a conceptual level.
have a tendency to be much larger on the inside than on the outside.
hired the entirety of the LiuAssociationIcon.pngLiu Association and ordered them to secure L Corp's Nest.[7] The old G Corp.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/baral.png
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/h_corp_logo.pngHongyuanFormally known as Hongyuan Bioengineering Group, they are a Wing who focuses, as their name implies, on bioengineering, providing medicinal "boluses" which can cure and evolve their patients at the cost of various side-effects.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/i_corp_logo_6.pngA Wing which was one of the major factions involved in the Smoke War.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/kcorplogo_2.pngK-CORPA Wing that specializes on powerful medicine that can heal almost any wound.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/luda_4.png
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/maxim_ruina.pngThe captain of the Fourth Pack's Rhino Team.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/myo_ruina.pngThe captain of the Fourth Pack's Rabbit Team and a major benefactor of L Corp.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/ncorp.pngNagel und Hammer
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/nikolai_ruina.pngThe commander of the Fourth Pack.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/p_corp.pngA Wing which created (or at least was responsible for the creation of) the Shelter from the 27th of March.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/rcorp.pngA Wing that specializes in paramilitary units.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/rudolph_ruina.pngThe captain of the Fourth Pack's Reindeer Team.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/s_corp.pngSalpippyeo AgroindustriesA Wing known as Salpippyeo Agroindustries, which as the name implies is a rural-themed Wing that primarily focuses on agriculture and farming.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/tcorp.pngTimeTrackFormally known as TimeTrack, they are a Wing with the Singularity to control time.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/u_corp_logo_1.pngA Wing in the southern end of the city, whose Singularity is a Resonance Tuning Fork that allows them to fuse any two objects on such a level that it's like they never were apart in the first place.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/wcorp.pngWARPOne of the most infamous Wings in the City, WARP Corporation specializes in teleportation and uses its Singularity for WARP Trains, a type of train that can instantly teleport people from one location to another.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/wikibanner.pngLobotomyFor the game Lobotomy Corporation, see here.
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/zena.png
identity states that their Nails can be used to manufacture "canned experience".
if you're not the one boarding the train.
in exchange for energy to fuel their hatching.
in our training course… They were so cool.
in the Smoke War for Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias.
in the first game, but R Corp.
instant execution for daring to consider creating sapient AI).
is a casino corporation, and its Nest is known as a gambling haven; the Wing uses its Singularity to keep its assets secure.[24][29]
is a giant closed-off cube and the titular Hongyuan (lit.
is affected by slower time compared to the outside world (where a decade outside equals to millions of years within) and events are often reset by the manager and played on loop, over and over.
is also known to have joined the war, organizing its employees into an army.[8] It is possible that E Corp.
is baffling among Wings for doing something with its power never before seen in the City - an act of selflessness, at least in the intention of the top management.
is directly managed by the Head, the Head has two more Wings that work directly under them: B Corp.
is located, is a Nest of gambling that holds a smart few secrets that shouldn’t be leaked… Beats me.
is often associated with religious parallels and symbolism through its key personnel, end goal, specific Abnormalities and imagery.
is particularly famous as a private military company.
is specialized in tearing and cutting things apart.
is the 1st Wing, leader of the Wings, and a mysterious corporation that controls all the districts and resides in District 1 which is the center of the City and has the highest security.
is the faith in our victory.
is the go-to workshop brand for ready-made bionic weapons and equipment.
is the one to deal with it.
labs and from fighting its war, with the Golden Bough resonating with him to create an embellished and particularly hellish recreation of his memories.
natives and terms seen so far have distinctly Chinese names and/or are based on Chinese historical figures or concepts.
of Nest L, is unprecedented.
only assigns E.G.O towards employees with appropriate levels of Fortitude, Prudence, Temperance, and/or Justice to avoid such risks.
or if Nagel und Hammer is the full name of the corporation itself and the "inquisition" Kromer leads is simply a subfaction.
or what we thought was a normal fixer until Canto 7 of Limbus Company.
owns the Nest of gambling.
participated in most large battles in the City, so I expected to see her someday.
power plant to get in the Sinners' way.
produces its power and keeps its personnel.
provided security for the Wings' Nests, W Corp.
provided transportation services for its partners, and L Corp.
questioning her loyalty by bringing up the Seed of Light forces her to turn against them.
raid.
reaches is above all of the other Wings, they work under a different motive unlike the rest who generally don't care about anything but seeing people suffer and making profit.
sailors meet their violent demises.
seals to increase their effectiveness.
seemed to be eliminating threats as per request from another Wing, similar to what the Liu is doing.
smashing the glass of their buildings.
spent a huge sum of money to purchase it.
standard time.
succeeded in collecting and releasing the Light.
such as Outis' Heishou Pack Identity immediately mutating her legs into that of a hare once her target meets the condition of refusing her lord's offer for mercy.
supplied energy to multiple other Wings, and had a particular relationship with two other Wings, W Corp and R Corp.
supplied energy to multiple other Wings, and had a particular relationship with two other Wings, W Corp.
supplied its partners with energy.
supplied its partners with energy.[19]
take all possibilities into consideration.
takes the time we collect for their own Singularity.
that came before Lobotomy Corporation imposed unfair conditions, and many Wings weren’t happy about it.
that collects time installed in the train, not a single second really "passes" in the carriages even if the train travels for thousands of years.
the button gives the 'correct' work type until re-randomization).
thus causing the Distortion.
to defend old L Corp; however, this information comes from an alternate universe identity and thus its veracity is uncertain.[9]
to handle administrative tasks like minting, patenting, and managing the powers of other Wings.
to help deal with the dangerous Abnormalities contained in their facility.
to remove it.
to take its place.
to take its place.[25][42]
trains and broke out.
uses cloning technology.
uses.
was able to develop its second invention, and L Corp.
was allowed to use it in the form of the TT2 Protocol.
was allowed to use it in the form of the TT2 Protocol.[20]
was also an energy supplier, but was widely unpopular amongst cityfolk and the other Wings for charging high prices and causing pollution in the form of smoke.
was also an energy supplier, widely unpopular for charging high prices and causing pollution in the form of smoke.
was directly responsible for T Corp's success by providing them with funding and energy to improve their Singularity.
was directly responsible for T Corp.'s success by providing them with funding and energy to improve their Singularity.
was initially one of the more affluent Wings with connections to several other well-off wings, their instant-transportation services being coveted and marketed as luxuries throughout the whole city, and seemingly being above the consequences of their Dark Secret.
was known for Genetic manipulation.
was notorious among its partners for sharing very little of the energy it produced.
was widely unpopular for being stingy and charging high prices for its energy.
which came before LobCorpIcon.png Lobotomy Corporation and allowed for the latter to be created.
with extra muscle against Abnormalities and helping to overthrow the former L Corp.
with their healing bullets, so they can recover themselves from injuries caused by rampaging Abnormalities.
–Adam, Lobotomy Corporation Day 49 Story
–Angela to Roland
–Dalloc's Page
–Maxim's Key Page Story
–Maxim's Page
–Nemo's Page
–Roland, Kurokumo Clan Episode 1, Pre-Battle
‘A guest walked into a restaurant for a meal, but then the chef fell in love with them!
‘Anyone is allowed to commit terrible acts at night, and there is nowhere to complain to if you are victimized.’ While this means terrible things can happen to you at night, it also means that you are free to be the perpetrator of such a deed yourself.
‘Secure a path to victory before engaging in warfare.’ The Liu engages in battles that are already won.
‘The Musicians of Bremen’ provided large quantities of meat, though it wasn’t exactly the freshest.
‘To Jimin, Do not utter a single word for five days.’
‘To Rimi, Deliver a bacon pizza to Danny’s doorstep on 8th St.
‘To Sehee, If the first person you meet outside today answers your greetings by lifting their right hand, take their heart out; if the person ignores your greetings, remove your own heart from your body.’
“ A Wing will end up falling when it loses too many of its feathers, but it won’t bother to desperately protect all of its feathers since a feather or two will naturally grow back.
“ I will carefully determine what guests to invite and write an invitation accordingly, and you will entertain the guests once they accept the invitation and arrive at the Library.
“ Singularities are manifested day after day.
“ Some people would suddenly start wishing for the happiness of some others, and still others would spend most of their time staring off into space.
“ We live in turbulent times when Wings are destined to fall behind the market if they don't respond to patent disputes effectively, big or small!
“Am I really in reality?” But before I could gather myself up, the incident happened.
“And now they’ve been trying to invade our territory, desperate to loot anything.”
“And the Fixers at Clam Office that were cooperating with them from the back are gone, too…”
“Bah… Every part of my body’s aching.”
“Cooperation” is just a fancy expression for “taking advantage of the Backstreets when the Wing needs them”.
“Doesn’t matter.
“Gotta agree with that.
“Heard our boss is gonna go out and talk to ‘em.”
“Heard the Blade Lineage’s also got messed up… Got any news?”
“How tight did the bonds between our fates have to be to lead us here… Sigh…”
“I mean, both you and I are first timers, isn’t it reassuring to be with a familiar face?”
“I wanna eat three blossoms of flowers!” “I wanna be a swifty nifty thrifty kitty!” “I wanna earn a fortune!” And then they add: “Maybe I’ll find delicious flowers someday!” “Maybe I’ll get fat stacks of cash in my paws someday!” “Maybe I’ll be showered in the loudest applause someday!” “Someday!
“If boss is going alone… Won’t that be dangerous?”
“Is that so… Thank you.”
“I’ll change someday?” “That person will turn over a new leaf someday, if I count on them and wait?” Nyeh, tch.
“N-no, I’m fine… I get it.
“Not at all!
“Psst, Olga.
“Right, that happened.
“Rumor says he went on to join the Musicians of Bremen…”
“Section 3 feels empty these days.”
“She’s not coming in because she’s intimidated by your facial expression.”
“Shut up and listen for a sec!
“Shut up, shut the hell up…!”
“So?” What do you mean, “So?” I wouldn’t be trying so hard if there was an end to delicacy!
“Sorry.
“Thanks for understanding.
“That’s a good point.”
“The Knots seemed to be after them… Maybe they finally hit ‘em.”
“The other side’s also only sending their top dog or whatevs… No need to worry about the boss.”
“There has to be only one answer: They must be cloning people.” “No, they’ve got to be robots.
“They were irrelevant chumps, so I completely forgot about ‘em.”
“Valor without forethought is little more than a bluff, and there is more strength in discretion than recklessness.” I wonder if you remember this piece of advice I gave when you were still prone to take action without thinking.
“Weaklings will get hounded.”
“When one person’s pure ambition and another’s tragic obsession join together, a dream is destined to be born.”
“Yes.
“You gave a fine speech, but I must wonder if you’re truly upset for the sake of Salvador and your other late colleagues.”
“You know, the Syndicate that’s been struggling with finance and feuds between members recently.
“You tell me.
“You’re not a woman of style, are you.
“You’re the noisiest one here and you already stick out like a sore thumb, so just say it already.”
“…I’ll go prepare myself.”
“…Um, are you feeling down?”
“…”
• B Corp.
• C Corp.
• F Corp.
• G Corp.
• H Corp.
• I Corp.
• J Corp.
• K Corp.
• L Corp.
• M Corp.
• N Corp.
• O Corp.
• P Corp.
• R Corp.
• T Corp.
• U Corp.
• V Corp.
• W Corp.
…Alright.
…And this is only scratching the surface of the shambolic orders written on the Prescripts.
…I can’t blame the Association, so I only have myself to fault for failing to save my guys.
…I know how corrupt this Association is.
…I know what you’re thinking; this isn’t logic that can realistically be proven.
…It’s kind of embarrassing to talk about this.
…It’s not like I have problems with my coworkers!!!
…Nevermind, this is all but rationalization.
…No, that the Prescripts “know” might not be the most appropriate expression.
…That group reportedly appears every time a case of the Distortion is solved.
…You can guess the rest of this story.
…“Exploit” is a rather harsh word to describe it, if you ask me.
……Oh, okay.
Ⅱ (Episode 1)
Ⅱ Chapter 3.4 1 Book of the Rabbit Team
얀샋ㄷ요무
얀샋ㄷ요무 Chapter 3.1 1 Book of Gloria
얀샋ㄷ요무’s Page

========================
ADVICE – AUTO (inputs)
========================
<Deblockquotesc>Are you still not convinced?
A leading figure that commands powerful Fixers who are on the level of a Color?
A war is about to happen?
An Office, a Wing, a Syndicate, or whatever… Think it’s an easy task to belong to a decent group?
And I think their friend recommended us to them while they were looking for another way, if I remember it right?
And how do you get the money for that?
And what if the precious gun gets damaged if you try blocking your foe’s attack with it?
Angela explains that she has come here to ask him a question: what does he think of the Library as a whole?
Are you asking if it’s because the Wings don’t have sufficient technical expertise?
Are you still not convinced?
Aren’t we all doing the same thing, directly or not?
As for me, I’ve got five whole blades~ Maybe being speedy helped?
Besides, the uhh… ‘The Eight Chefs’?
But are his words useless and wrong because they distressed me?
But hey, we don’t leave any troubles behind that way, so what’s good is good, yeah?
But if you don’t pay your taxes for the fourth time?
But what could I do?
Can I just talk like this?
Can a Fixer be truly happy with freedom that was forcefully handed to them?
Can you imagine?
Did I frustrate her?
Did I lack the energy to refute him?
Did you know?
Didja know?
Do I have to recall that messed up memory…?
Do the eggs represent people inhabiting the Nest, then?
Do you believe our request fee is too expensive, and you would rather request a Syndicate?
Do you not believe that you will have naught but bleak loss in the end?
Does it appear to you that every denizen of the Backstreets disapproves of the rules?
Does that mean I had a safe, comfortable childhood under the care and wealth of such a wonderful person?
Duh, you’re supposed to earn it, isn’t that obvious?
For now, I’m working with my boss San and some dork shaped like a ball of rice cake… But things could be better than this in the future, yeah?
Had I known what I know now back in the past… would that have lessened the pain or changed anything?
Have I been taken over to the point where I can’t even see ahead?
Have you ever seen a glimmer of light when you close your eyes?
He never changes, huh?
Hey, did you hear that?
Hey, what do you think a hero is?
Hm?
Hmm?
Hmm… If I had to admit a teensy little problem with us, it’s that we don’t discriminate enemies from civilians?
How accurate this actually is is up for debate, especially since the sheer destructive scale of the thing would likely raise some eyebrows from the Head's weapon and property damage laws, but the implication that G Corp.
How can I live on without falling to despair, then?
How could a person be so cold and heartless, even if the basic bearing of a Fixer is to look after oneself first and foremost?
How could such a feat be possible, then?
How could we just strictly detach ourselves from one another and focus on work?
How do we tell apart a real accident from the fake ones, then?
How ironic is that?
How long have I been in this cycle of pain?
How many defenseless thugs standing in the middle of the street can notice a bullet flying toward them?
How much longer must I walk until I reach an end?
How must the lone human feel being the monster among the creatures they dreaded?
How should I put it, in that case…
How the Mighty Have Fallen: W Corp.
How tightly must I shut my eyes, cover my ears, and zip my mouth to keep what’s around me safe before I can feel a semblance of happiness that won’t leave me?
How’d it go, you ask?
How’s it sound?”
How’s my new weapon, isn’t it sick?
I followed your troupe in order to find a way to be happy, but what good did it do for me?
I mean, what dummy would actually head to such a dangerous place motivated purely by a friend’s sob story?
I only learned this after I joined the corp… But, isn’t that so cool?
I sound crazy?
I told you that folks who used to do detective work frequently jump over to our industry, right?
I wouldn’t be hanging out with these folks if I made it, now would I?
If I can protect a person like that, maybe this place will change?
If one o’ those officials try to take a dig at somethin’ that happened during the Night in the Backstreets, some scary fellas called the Claws go after ‘em… I hear the Night in the Backstreets is considered a whatsit time for doin’ whatchamacallit permitted by the Head?
If you had the time and money, you could buy ‘em all and test them out at your leisure, but… We have neither, do we?
Impuritas Civitatis Hana Association • The Reverberation Ensemble • The Black Silence • The Reverb Ensemble Distorted • ???
In that case, what would normalcy be like there?
Is boredom the only downside of being an associate Office?
Is forging Prescripts a violation of rules?
Is it related to some kind of ethic we aren’t aware of?
Is the ‘uselessness’ of a talk determined solely by one’s own standards?
Is this rage?
Isn’t it cool?
Isn’t that absurd?
Isn’t that an herbivore?
Isn’t that exciting?
It looks like we get swords that fit our traits~ Have you seen the sword Hubert’s carrying?
It’s already complicated enough as it is, isn’t it?
It’s amazing that I’m now standing shoulder to shoulder with the Dogs, ain’t it?
It’s gotta mean humans eating humans, don’tcha think?
It’s hard to come up with a definition and explanation for a power that naturally emerged, you see?
It’s kinda… uncomfortable to just leave them behind, you know?
It’s not really fancy, but… If I start out with small tasks like this and work up slowly, I’m gonna be a great Fixer one day, yeah?
I’ve got to see what’s going on at least, y’know what I mean?
Maybe instead of food, your empty innards could be filled with possibilities of some other kind?
Maybe it’s all ‘cause there just ain’t enough seats for the ever-growing population of humans to take?
Maybe it’s because most of us are nimble?
Maybe, just maybe, the same could be said for you?
Means to protect yerself from harm like recording videos or hirin’ peacekeepers?
My body’s full of scars thanks to that, but hey… It’s not too bad, is it?
Oh, I heard people’s been going missing lately… Does it have anything to do with that?
Oh, you’re too new to know?
On top of superb performance, you can replace or attach them easily without having to worry about allergies, so it’s pretty damn handy, you see?
Our method is the cleanest, actually?
Our performance was actually pretty fantastic, you know?
Really, does being a Fixer sound cool to you?
Self-justification?
She admits that she is scared: if she embraces her past and moves beyond it, what will she have left?
Should they fight to their last breath for the “humanity” they kept for so long?
Sigh… They ain’t going to raise the ticket prices or run fewer trains like the last time, are they?
So I got my frustration off my chest when I met my old friend Maugie… Oh, maybe you’re more familiar with the name Maugris?
So what if you changed that habit?
So, that company puttered out and put our corporation into the same sort of energy shortage we’re dealing with now?
So, you wondering if we Rats have any dreams?
Someone’s gotta be below us to serve as a punching bag, ain’t that right?
Something about tinkering with the mind to use it for your advantage… It’s apparently more powerful than I can ever imagine?
Still confident that you can wield ‘em well?
Stupid, wasn’t I?
Sure, it’s a bit safer over there, but we’re talking about the Backstreets, get it?
That meat would go to waste if we left it on the spot, so we might as well give it to the people who can make good use of it, ain’t that right?
That’s a good point, it’s harder to operate the trains with less energy… What do you mean by “last time”, though?
The Backstreets aren’t some unlivable mess like some folk’re saying, ye see?
The Fourth Pack… Was it called the Rabbit Team?
The jobs I usually do are looking for lost cats at night… You can tell how low my spot is, yeah?
Then she’ll be proud of me one day, right?
There’s a new gadget to test anyway, and to witness a technology that’s still obscure and hot off the presses… That just makes your heart throb, doesn’t it?
There’s got to be some case for us to take care of, like fly tipping or something?
Thinking about the old days makes me laugh, though?
This is the kind of power you can get, you see?
Wanna hear a secret?
Was it because I didn’t want to hear any more of it?
Was my choice wrong?
Was my savior an impatient and ill-tempered freak after all?
Was she grinning at my nonsense, or was she upset?
We need each other because we cherish each other, not the other way around; can you really call it love if you only cherish your significant other because you need something out of them?
We want them to sleep without a care instead of joining in the chaos of the other carriages~ That Color Fixer was super tricky to deal with, they told me?
We would’ve gotten into so many problems otherwise, yeah?
Welp, who’s to say Syndicates can’t be the good guys, right?
We’re all simply watching it for fun, don’t you agree?
Whaddaya mean, cap?
What I’m saying is, dreaming won’t do jack shit for you.
What I’m saying is, their job is to keep the area safe from all sorts of happenings and incidents that occur in the City.
What Measure Is a Non-Human?: In general, the Head absolutely hates anything nonhuman, to the point that they will send Arbiters in order to deal with the nonhuman threat and anyone who knows how to create them, whether mechanical or biological.
What a shocker that must’ve been… It’s our rule to stop powerful people like Colors or key members of Associations from boarding our WARP trains, or to guide them to take First Class seats if they must board the train, for a safe and smooth restoration process.
What are they about?”
What are they protecting against, you ask?
What can you do, though?
What could I do about it?
What could I gain from uttering what will harm me.
What could I say or add about an emotion I felt for the first time, one that I am still struggling to figure out?
What did he have that I did not?
What did we do wrong to deserve the punishment for our boss being a moron?
What happens to them, then?
What happens when one violates the rules… If someone is trying to disrupt the hierarchy, they will be purged in a few days.
What if the whole process of cooking could be tasted!
What if they sublimated the experience into taste, something beyond what the tongue can feel?
What is the illusion of normalcy that we feared for and fought for so strongly?
What is there to be considered special?
What it really means is… you ain’t suppos’d record videos o’ the scene or spy it with security cams… No one should be strolling the streets that late in the first place though, hoh hoh hon!
What makes the lives of animals less precious?
What makes this downplayed, however, is that each charge spent increases the chances of success by 9.9%; with the max charge amount being 10, the combat page can potentially have a 99% success rate on use.
What matters more than strength...
What matters the most here is the relationships you’ve built.
What more can I say to this person, who isn’t even part of R Corp.
What started the war itself is unknown, but certain events during its course are known.
What they don’t know is that these ain’t just for fashion.
What we call “gears” are simply there to show the flow.
What were they going to do, holding the hand of that little kid?
What’s so difficult about watching the security feed all day, you ask?
What’s so scary about dealing with humans, you ask?
What’s your favorite food?
When 1/3 of its HP is lost, The Red Mist will use Gold Rush (The King of Greed's E.G.O.
When Carmen learned of this, she didn’t say much.
When I arrived at the scene after taking the request, the bits of flesh scattered around the streets began to merge into one giant body using a brainstem focus resonator, becoming a 3-meter-tall (~10ft) mass that I will refer to as A-03.
When I become a proud and dashing Fixer, I’ll buy a Nest migration ticket and get a nice new home for you.
When I come back home from work, I crack open a cold one and watch the Backstreets through the window as night falls.
When I entered an ordinary Office with my ordinary capabilities, my mother seemed very glad to hear the news.
When I feel such things, I can go back to familiarity.
When I finally took a grip on my rationality in a vast mindscape and came back to my senses, my body was burning hot.
When I first had the sword in my grip, I didn’t feel anything in particular.
When I heard the news and rushed to the scene, only a hideous musician who had concluded his performance and permanently shut the piano’s lid with his torso awaited me.
When I took a short breath in, I heard the sound of a sword cutting through flesh followed by the sound of a person collapsing to the floor.
When I’m lucky, I can see people chasing each other or getting into a tussle.
When a Wing is broken, its Nest collapses and gradually turns into a slum akin to the Backstreets.
When a human equips E.G.O they are not mentally prepared to wield, the Abnormality within the equipment will one-sidedly whisper into the mind of the user until it eventually takes over their mind.
When an Office accepts a request, an official deed of contract must be drawn up before the case can be dealt with.
When contracting a new employee, their stats can now be fortified to 130, and the relevant department ( Record Team) will no longer be affected by Qliphoth Meltdowns.
When equipped, they grant their effects to the Agent.
When handling that much money, it doesn’t hurt to be thorough with inspecting and determining the validity of cases, right?
When is this Julia person coming, anyway?
When night falls, our world unfolds.
When one is unlocked, it will appear as an orange exclamation mark over a Floor's icon, similar to unlocked Abnormality battles, and will then be viewable in the Credenza afterwards.
When selecting an employee to perform a work on an Abnormality, the overall Success Rate of the work will be shown as: Very Low, Low, Common, High or Very High.
When seonbae was about to speak, I shut her up, as though I knew what was going to unfold.
When something’s “correct”, there’s gotta be something that’s “incorrect”.
When the clock hits 3 AM, you drag the little shit outside and throw it in the middle of a relatively large street.
When the enemy is roused, distract them through disturbance; be aware that we ourselves are not subject to such anger.
When the player orders a work, they will not be able to cancel them by clicking the containment room (Malkuth).
When the scene starts, B appears in front of A in a flashback of the past, standing near the ocean.
When there is money, there are Associations.
When they solve cases, they usually cooperate with other Associations like the Shi and the Liu.
When was it… A person visited our Office last Wednesday, if my memory serves me right.
When we embed a hook connected to the fuel tank on our back into a human, they melt like a liquid.
When you receive the warning, you must pay all profit you’ve earned through the infringement to A Corp.
When you work with Cane Office, the process you have to follow will usually be simple outside of a few special cases.
When you’re checking one case, another call comes in, when you’re done checking that, more calls wait for you… The shortage of manpower is driving me crazy, I swear.
When you’re hungry you get annoyed, and when starvation touches your raw nerve, you turn violent.
Where we live, there is nothing that can be achieved with your own will.
Who Denies All
Who do they take requests from, where they are, and what kind of people run them… They’re all a mystery.
Who knows, maybe someone is watching me work myself to the bones from a high rise, holding a glass of wine in their hand?
Who said a Fixer is a free man?
You don’t feel it?
You don’t wanna stay a weakling when everyone else’s getting their augmentations, now do you?
You get it now?
You heard about how people use belts to choke others, didn’t ya?
You know what’s a surefire way for a Syndicate to make a name for itself among all the competitors?
You know what’s funnier?
You know, they say the presentation of food adds to its taste, right?
You need results to promote to better Fixer grades and see some growth in your Office, right?
You pack your favorite food, savor its taste, and when you’re about to swallow it… Know how it feels to choke on it?
You see these horns?
You see what Liwei’s carrying?
You think it’s that easy to break free from these massive fetters?
You thought opening gates to different dimensions was our Singularity?
You walk along a path, but was it you who laid the path there?
You weren’t planning on using guns in actual fights without even practicing, were you?
You will then wonder: Wouldn’t there be many people who exploit the system with malicious intent?
You wonderin’ how things were in the alleys I lived?
You’d think that we’ll never get along with each other, having such different personalities and powers and strengths, yeah?
You’re proud to see your precious little younger brother grow up and make it, aren’t you?
Y’know, it’s not like dogs and cats constantly fight each other when they’re together, yeah?
is paying attention to whatever that is, just how big is it?
out of all places?
who participated in the Smoke War, and fell apart at the war's conclusion.
who were responsible for monitoring the cameras in their casinos.
“ Ever heard of holdouts?
“Are you giving work to our Office?
“Clam?
“Kingfishers?
“Oh, didn’t you hear the news?
“Who’s gonna be the one to change that miserly L Corp?” Then someone next to ‘em would say, “Who has the courage to do that?
“You hear that news?
