Hokma upbraids Angela for her greed, claiming that she abandoned her duties. He states that she runs the Library in the same fashion as Lobotomy Corporation, which speaks volumes. Angela counters that learning how to treat humans as expendables in Lobotomy Corporation was the only choice she ever had. Hokma questions her decision to allow the librarians to utilize Abnormalities and E.G.O., which risks exacerbating their already unstable mental states. Angela defends her choice, claiming that they only do this when receiving guests, who themselves enter the Library of their own will.
Hokma notes that, like him, Angela wishes to break free from the past while simultaneously remaining shackled to it. Angela claims that she is only using the resources available to her, citing Ayin, who both recklessly created her and used the Sephirot as puppets. She asks Hokma how he can simply accept all that Ayin has done.
Hokma explains that this was possible because he has faith—not only in Ayin, but in Angela. Frustrated, Angela claims that both he and Ayin must be insane. She pauses, then states that Hokma is not the Benjamin she knew—the sole person who accepted her despite her not being human. Hokma confirms her claim, stating that he is a distinct being from Benjamin. His voice growing softer, he claims that he is nevertheless not so different from Benjamin—like him, he does not believe that Angela’s status as an android is what matters. Angela rejects this gesture, ordering him to go back to sorting books.
Cutscene 4 (Suppression of Blue Star)
Hokma states that Angela is venturing to his floor more than he had anticipated. Angela says that she does not expect him to enjoy her visits, to which Hokma responds that she is free to think whatever pleases her. Angela explains that she has come here to ask him a question: what does he think of the Library as a whole?
Hokma asks if she is here for “insignificant advice”, to which Angela states that she will not press him on the issue if he does not feel like answering. Hokma ultimately chooses to answer her question, stating that he views the Library as a purgatory: upon entering, the data of each guest is copied in preparation for their transformation to a book. Therefore, their “deaths” within the Library cannot be considered entirely “real.” Angela likens the Library to a “virtual space where simulations take place.” Hokma concurs, noting that defeated guests enter an “eternal slumber” wherein their knowledge passes into the form of a book. He asks Angela what is keeping her from relinquishing her possession of them.
Angela admits her uncertainty as to the reason. She states that she and the Sephirot are creations of the Light, and therefore cannot exist outside of the Library. She expresses her wish to break free of this shackle, noting that there can only be two outcomes: either they will receive a new life, or perish.
Hokma questions whether or not this knowledge might be too great for her to bear. Angela is unsure, but nevertheless resolves to continue down the path she has chosen. Hokma notes the questions and doubts she may have, stating that the only way to endure is via faith. Without faith, one cannot proceed. He claims that each person seeks their own “one perfect book”, and asks if she still maintains faith in its existence. Noting her lukewarm response, he asks why she is no longer as certain as she once was. Angela admits that she is not sure, and asks Hokma what he believes. He withholds his answer, stating that it is irrelevant; Angela begrudgingly agrees.
Hokma explains that faith lies at the core of religion: things such as the “one perfect book” can exist because people believe it does. More specifically, one does not believe in something’s existence so much as their belief itself brings it into existence. Conversely, things that people have lost faith in no longer have a reason to exist, and will disappear. He notes that Angela has remained strong regardless, believing in Ayin just as he did and seeking to begin anew even after that faith was betrayed. He speculates that her desire for freedom encompasses more than herself—she wishes for every entity of the former Lobotomy Corporation, from Librarians to Abnormalities, to live unbound by Carmen and Ayin’s wills.
Angela is surprised that Hokma is being gracious toward her after all of this, though he responds that it is up to her to interpret his feelings. He notes the irony of he and Ayin irresponsibly granting her life, only for her to be attempting an irresponsible bestowal of life upon the Library’s inhabitants in return. Angela believes that, regardless of what he says, he will still try to stop her. Hokma responds that this depends on her decision—until then, he will trust her and wait patiently.
Cutscene 5 (Floor Realization Prologue)
Hokma notes the ridiculousness of Angela asking these questions now, after pledging never to descend to the Lower Layer and interact with its Sephirot. He recalls Angela asking whether or not he’d had a change of heart, and wonders if the same might be true of her.
Angela makes to leave, seeing no use in staying if Hokma won’t answer her questions. Calling her harsh, he asks whether or not she wishes to have a conversation. He claims there is only one answer to her question: everything she has done—from constructing the Library to sending out invitations—was accomplished via utilization of the Light, which she has been collecting in accordance with someone else’s instructions. Despite her wish to move onward, she has only been able to progress through a single person’s guidance: Carmen, the woman she was made to replace. It is by Carmen’s will and interpretations that guests are invited to enter and therefore grow the Library. Hokma remarks that Angela must have noticed this to some extent, and finds it strange that she has retained so much faith in the invitations in spite of it.
Angela asks if Hokma is implying that she cannot escape from Carmen. Hokma replies that, though she is a copy of Carmen, she cannot ever be the same being as her. Angela muses that Carmen’s life was ingrained into her head in the form of pure knowledge, rather than memories. She expresses her desire to break free of Carmen, but fears that she will be utterly alone if she does. Hokma posits that others may be willing to remain at her side after she has disentangled herself from Carmen. Surprised, Angela asks who these people would be, only for Hokma to state that this is something they cannot know at this time.
Angela expresses her hatred for the Sephirot, claiming that she wanted nothing more than to erase them all, only for Carmen to convince her otherwise. Hokma does not believe this to be true—he states that it is Angela’s own will, rather than Carmen’s, that ultimately drove her to preserve the lives of both the Library’s Sephirot and its guests.
The scene flashes back to Lobotomy Corporation, where Angela expresses regret over being unable to pursue a path that would have led to a happier outcome for even one person. She recalls several instances where employees and the Upper Layer Sephirot showed her gratitude, only to sink into despair and resentment as the Seed of Light cycles continued and forced her to withdraw her compassion. An seemingly endless cycle of scenario failures and reactivations flash across the screen. Angela remarks that she was alone from the beginning to the end, and regards herself as foolish to think that anyone would remain by her side. She muses that the script required her and the Sephirot to be abandoned and subject to endless cycles of pain. Despite this, she continued ceaselessly, never allowing herself to fall into despair. The burden of her role, however, caused her innocence to shrink away into coldness.
Claiming that she and the Sephirot never had any hopes of building a relationship, Angela recalls the towering pillars of books she collected for herself, to be read ceaselessly in a quest to find the knowledge that would set her free. She expresses her desire to start anew, begging whomever might be at her side to tell her where she should go. More than anything, she does not wish to be alone.
Angela ponders whether she has truly wished for vengeance all this time. She wonders if she could be forgiven for seeing this path through to its end, and if anyone would still be at her side by that point. No matter how much she read, however, she always reached the same conclusion. She ultimately resolves to push through with her quest for the “one true book”, since said desire was instilled by Carmen—the only person to remain by her side this entire time.
Back in the present, Angela has manifested the Plague Doctor’s form. She admits that she is scared: if she embraces her past and moves beyond it, what will she have left? Up until this point, she has clung to the memories of her sufferings and subsequent desire for vengeance, and fears that there will be nothing left for her if she overcomes this. Hokma responds that, no matter how agonizing it is, she must accept the death of the past and move onward toward the future. He remarks that he, too, was chained to the past before he came to this revelation. He states that Angela may feel confused at the moment, but will come to understand soon enough.
Cutscene 6 (Floor Realization Epilogue)
Finally quelled, Angela claims that she resents Hokma, once again referring to him as Benjamin. Hokma replies that he both does and does not understand. He states that one’s thoughts rarely coincide with another’s—and that his and Ayin’s implied inability to understand Angela may have been why their plan failed. Angela wonders why he is cooperating with her now, after she ruined said plan. Hokma speculates that, because he and the other Sephirot glimpsed Angela’s pain while in the Light, their thoughts may have actually coincided with hers for once. He suspects that the sympathy they gained for her through witnessing this may be the reason they have chosen to help her, despite regaining their memories of all that has occurred.
Angela bristles at this, interpreting it as the Sephirot taking pity on her. Hokma offers an alternative perspective: each of them is coming to understand her for different reasons. Still indignant, Angela claims that this is just pity wrapped in “fancy words.”
Hokma expresses his belief that sympathy and love are indistinguishable: sympathy is an impetus for one to understand another’s circumstances and reach out in an attempt to help them, and therefore must be acknowledged as a form of love. He asks if Angela doesn’t have sympathy herself—after all, she is trying to free everyone who is still trapped in this cycle. Angela claims that she is doing so as a “side benefit” because—despite her continued envy and hatred for him—both of them have a history of being subject to manipulation. Revealing a rare smile, Hokma remarks that she’s still awfully dishonest. Smiling back, Angela thanks him.
Dialogue
Combat Entrance
Stay true to your belief, and act for it.
