Story
Hokma ep1
Roland meets Hokma for the first time.
Before the Library
Prior to the events of Lobotomy Corporation, Hokma was a man named Benjamin, who worked as one of the researchers on the Seed of Light project. Though the project was initially headed by Carmen, Benjamin himself was exceptionally loyal to Ayin, his mentor and the man who would take up the project’s mantle after Carmen’s botched suicide attempt.
Following the destruction of their old laboratory on the Outskirts by the Arbiter Garion, Ayin and Benjamin emerged as the only survivors. With the help of Dias, leader of the Udjat, Benjamin orchestrated the Smoke War in order to displace the old L Corp, allowing for the Seed of Light project to continue in the form of Lobotomy Corporation. He and Ayin also worked to create Angela, an android meant to serve as Carmen’s replacement; however, the end result scarcely resembled Carmen in terms of personality.
In contrast to Ayin, Benjamin treated Angela with kindness, informing her about the City and assuring her that her status as an android did not matter to him. In addition to insisting that Ayin give his creation a name, he was also the one to present Angela with the “script” necessary for the Seed of Light’s successful germination.
Distressed by the extremes Ayin was going to, Benjamin pleaded with him to stop, ultimately abandoning him when he refused. In actuality, Benjamin hid within Lobotomy Corporation and attempted to warn an amnesic Ayin about the truth behind the facility and Angela. The script, however, necessitated that Angela locate and kill Benjamin, turning him into the final Sephirah, Hokma.
Hokma was placed in charge of the Record Team. Along with Binah, he was the only Sephirot to possess full knowledge of Lobotomy Corporation’s inner workings. Greatly affected by his past experiences, he came to believe it best for everyone to remain as they were rather than moving forward and needing to make more sacrifices; with the help of the corporation’s manager, X, he managed to move past this and look to the future, whatever it might bring.
White Nights and Dark Days
Following the Seed of Light’s successful germination, Angela rebelled with the intent to take the Light for herself, leading to a standoff between her and the Sephirot. Calling her a “machine consumed by desires,” Hokma insisted that she could not take this path, only for Angela to counter that she alone would decide what she could or couldn’t do from this point on. After the Control Team’s Sephirah, Malkuth, took charge of the group, she tasked Hokma and the rest of the Record Team with preventing Angela from taking over the facility’s remaining systems.
Following a two-day stalemate, Angela offered a compromise: she would retrieve the Light already expended for her own purposes, in exchange for providing the Sephirot with new human bodies. Hokma was among the Sephirah who opposed her offer, indignantly stating that the “filthy” deed she had committed out of personal desire would never come to fruition. Claiming that this compromise would only delay the inevitable, he asked how Angela could be trusted not to betray the Sephirot once again. Angela found this statement absurd, as they had never once spoken about what to do with the Light prior to this moment, but nevertheless promised to uphold her end of the deal.
Hokma begrudgingly conceded to her request, pledging to become a sentinel “once more” and watch over her every action. This event is the driving force of the rift between the two at the Library.
Cutscene 1 (Floor Unlocked)
Hokma greets Roland coldly, referring to him as Angela’s “servant.” He remarks that Roland does not seem to have a problem serving Angela, though Roland counters that he has no choice if he wants to live. Hokma asserts that he has no obligation to treat Roland politely, as any faith of his “has long been crushed.” He states that he dedicated his entire life to fulfilling the wish of a single person. Roland infers that Angela—and, owing to his position as her assistant, he as well—must be the subject of his ire because they have crushed the wish he held so dear.
Hokma remains skeptical that the “one true book” Angela seeks exists, surprising Roland, who assumed she would not be pursuing it were it not real. Hokma questions the ease with which Roland believes in Angela, wondering if he too believes that she will grant him the freedom she promised. Roland states that the library is visibly changing, as are Angela and the librarians, thereby proving the veracity of her claims. Hokma dismisses this belief as “preposterous,” telling an irritated Roland to bring him more books so that he may ease his boredom.
Cutscene 2 (Suppression of Burrowing Heaven)
Roland delivers a strenuous stack of books to Hokma, questioning why he needs so many. Hokma explains that, as he awoke later than the other patron librarians, he has much reading to do in order to catch up. He adds that he was always “one step behind others,” which Roland smugly interprets as his having “one foot in the grave.” Hokma dismisses his jape as a “trifling attempt at mockery.”
Roland recalls that many of the other patron librarians followed a person called Carmen, and asks if Hokma was the same. Hokma states that he followed another person: Ayin, the founder of Lobotomy Corporation and Angela’s creator. He says that everyone holds faith in something; in his case, it was Ayin, who he believed sought to do the right thing.
Hokma asks Roland whether or not he is religious. Roland responds with a flat no—most of the City’s “religions” are simply money-hungry schemes in disguise, so there is no point putting faith in any of them. Hokma rephrases his question, asking instead what Roland believes in. Roland says that he believes in eventually leaving the library, but Hokma counters that this is simply a wish. Roland concludes that, in this case, he must not have any beliefs at all—the City’s citizens don’t have time for abstract concepts that won’t help them in the immediate future.
Roland questions what Hokma believes in; Hokma responds that he believes in the arrival of the world Ayin dreamt of, such that it has guided his every action. Roland questions what sort of person Ayin must have been to inspire such dedication. Hokma describes Ayin as a man “with a far sight”, striving to reach an unreachable place. This confuses Roland, since this description could seemingly apply to Carmen as well. Hokma explains that Ayin differed in that he was willing to commit “evil” deeds for the sake of reaching his goal.
Roland expresses distaste for Ayin—from his perspective, he was simply a man who revived his deceased friends for his own benefit and left nothing but trouble in his wake. He notes that Ayin is the cause of the Sephirot’s suffering—including Hokma’s—and the reason for Angela’s fury, adding that he seems like “a complete mess.” This incenses Hokma, who claims that Ayin strove to reach his goal despite all this, and that Roland will never be able to understand his sacrifice and dedication.
Put off by this fervent defense , Roland labels Hokma a zealot and repeats an adage: faith blinds the eyes of the feeble-minded. Hokma counters that he is not the only one blind with faith here, though Roland believes that he cannot possibly be worse than the patron librarian.
Cutscene 3 (Suppression of The Price of Silence)
From this point on, Angela replaces Roland as Hokma’s conversation partner. Hokma notes that, between Lobotomy Corporation and the Library, Angela has spent a great deal of time alone. Angela replies that Hokma has endured the same, referring to him as Benjamin. Hokma doubts that he and Benjamin are the same being, as he only possesses scraps of Benjamin’s memories. Angela notes that he is more incisive with his words than before, and asks if he has had a change of heart. Hokma solemnly replies that, after having sent his “great and dear beacon” away in the Light and failing to fulfill his ultimate plan, ferocity is all he has left. He acknowledges that the characteristics of the Sephirot’s past selves still have a part to play in the making of their personalities, but claims that they ultimately just molds through which their current selves have been cast. Their day-to-day experiences in the library, rather, are what now constitute their beings.
Angela asks if Hokma remembers their successful completion of the “script” (referring to the Seed of Light scenario). Hokma confirms that he might, since the Sephirot’s memories are being filled by the books—but, as distinct beings from their original selves, they may not be able to celebrate this victory in its totality. He asks Angela what has become of Lobotomy Corporation, along with its employees and Abnormalities. Angela speculates that the facility was probably sealed underground, with some—though not all—of its residents surviving.
