========================
PHILOSOPHY – AUTO (outputs)
========================
"Every Abnormality may not have a reason to exist, but they all have a will to persist."
/ Lobotomy, its meaning made more obvious and insidious given how the Corp.
A Wing's position comes from its Singularity and their ability to successfully use it for commercial purposes.
A color is the dream and lifetime goal of all Fixers who wish for freedom.
A life lived in safe haven, free of illness and starvation.
A lot of the Wings' singularities could be used in very beneficial ways for the City, while also making the corps a tidy profit - instead, many of them use their Singularities either extremely sparingly or downright maliciously for seemingly no reason.
Advertises its Singularity as WARP, or near-instantaneous teleportation for transportation purposes, no matter the distance.
Although the process was a little unstable, I still felt ashamed for the truthless deeds I had done, and decided to cherish that negative part of myself as I am.
Although these principles are rather abstract, they exist to prevent anyone from devising lowly schemes and ensure that each party gets just benefits.
Although, I don’t really know how the stone works… They said it amplifies a single purpose or thought, making people forget the mental pain coming from outside, or fortifying the mind as if it’s surrounded with a giant barrier.
And then, back to work… I have my ways of enjoying the little things in life, though.
And when your life is at stake, you try all kinds of things to survive.
Angela admits her uncertainty as to the reason.
Angela muses that Carmen’s life was ingrained into her head in the form of pure knowledge, rather than memories.
Angela states that she may not be all-knowing, but wonders if the same is true of Hokma—he and Binah had always possessed vast knowledge of Lobotomy Corporation’s purpose and what needed to be done in the end.
Angela wonders why he is cooperating with her now, after she ruined said plan.
Annoyed, Gebura says he doesn't need to bring coffee into it if hanging out is his only reason; Tiphereth understands that coffee is the only excuse Chesed has for inviting people.
As for why he insists on using Section 2 when the other sections are available… He’s probably trying to get rid of Director Yujin because he suspects that our director knows something about the Blue Reverberation.
Averted in case of the sub-branches that are merely used for energy production purposes and cover-up, as seen in Wonderlab.
Ax-Crazy: Every single member is bat-shit insane and impossible to reason with - this is implied to be enforced through essentially drugging the potential grunt through their food and then brainwashing them.
Because of the basis of their existence, every Abnormality is immortal, and will come back from any and every wound—no matter how many times they're smashed, split, strewn apart, and suppressed.
Because the Night exists, people here show the least amount of human decency.
Blue-and-Orange Morality: Some of these tend to go out of their way to be as cruel and nonsensical as possible for no known reason.
Businesses aligned with K Corp are afforded protections and resources to give the Wing's investment a reasonable chance of success.
Category Traitor: The reason why Myo and the other 4th Pack team leaders are forced to go into the Library; due to having unwittingly helped Ayin with his Seed of Light, which then created the Library, R Corp forces them to go to make sure they're not traitors, as stated by Nikolai.
Chesed claims he wants to have friends who share his hobby, but Tiphereth clarifies she is confused why he always seeks out Gebura in particular.
Cloning in itself is not a taboo, but the taboo prevents two instances of the same people existing at the same time for 7 days, but measured only in A Corp.
Compared to us who have to wait indefinitely for someone to make a request… Lulu’s living a good life.
Confidence and luck can be extracted from people as it's generated to produce dust and stick-on tattoos that can up the odds of their users achieving great fortune, whether in daily life or scoring a money jackpot.
Conversely, things that people have lost faith in no longer have a reason to exist, and will disappear.
Deciding what workshop tech to employ is up to preference and purpose.
Derived from ‘hwansang’ (환상, 幻想), meaning illusion or fantasy; the suffix -‘che’ (체, 體) implies the former to be a physical entity.
Details are given very sparingly on the exact events, but interestingly it’s been implied to mostly have been a net positive conclusion, tremendous loss of life aside.
Dong-hwan the Grade 1 Fixer • Night Awls • The Udjat • Mirae Life Insurance • Leaflet Workshop • Bayard
Due to their prominence, joining a Wing and becoming a "feather" in their Nest is seen as the optimal path in life by the common residents of the City's Backstreets.
Each Wing has its own cultural style and social structure which are reflected in how it governs its Nest, and the policies the Wing sets also determines the way of life in the District's Backstreet.
Each Wing has its own cultural style and social structure which are reflected in how it governs its Nest, and the policies the Wing sets also determines the way of life in the District's Backstreets.
Each ‘species’ of Abnormality possesses a unique physiology and appearance, ranging from inanimate objects to humanoid beings; some Abnormalities even lack a physical form entirely and exist as an intangible phenomena themselves.
Entire examinee towns exist in the City where applicants study for Wing entrance exams.
Even in a powerful Syndicate, weaklings exist… Cowardice can surface among the strong, and chaos can ensue from the most faultless rules.
Even regular people there may backstab or kidnap their friends for no apparent reason, something that Kali learnt the hard way.
Every person here devotes their life to those insane games of chance.
Everyone already struggles and fights for their life, so what’s so special about us.
For example, the only known example of a live Claw in action, Baral, uses Serum W, Serum K and Serum R as liquid injections to supplement his already fierce combat prowess, while Arbiters use Singularities F and J outside of their main purpose as what could be mistaken for blasts of magic.
For example, their Gun Control law prohibits the creation and usage of lethal guns through very specific regulations and is disguised as an "ethics law", but the actual reasoning given behind this is that they think taking a life should be more personal.
For good reason, as it was a Grade 1 Office consisting of just a few elites, handling any request with ease… People would often wonder exactly what kind of Fixers were in that Office.
For that, we had to make a promise with the Head: No more than two of the same person should exist in the City, and for no longer than seven days.
Guess why people choose us and our Office out of all the tough Fixers out there.
He claims that each person seeks their own “one perfect book”, and asks if she still maintains faith in its existence.
He comes with a metaphor of how greed creates a cycle of guilt and regrets, leading to a routine of looking at the clock for no particular reason.
He comforts A that he shouldn't blame himself, as the times he spent with A were the brightest moments of his life.
He knows why this facility exists and what their mission is.
He notes the irony of he and Ayin irresponsibly granting her life, only for her to be attempting an irresponsible bestowal of life upon the Library’s inhabitants in return.
He states that one’s thoughts rarely coincide with another’s—and that his and Ayin’s implied inability to understand Angela may have been why their plan failed.
He suspects that the sympathy they gained for her through witnessing this may be the reason they have chosen to help her, despite regaining their memories of all that has occurred.
Hokma asserts that he has no obligation to treat Roland politely, as any faith of his “has long been crushed.” He states that he dedicated his entire life to fulfilling the wish of a single person.
Hokma explains that faith lies at the core of religion: things such as the “one perfect book” can exist because people believe it does.
Hokma offers an alternative perspective: each of them is coming to understand her for different reasons.
Hokma questions whether Netzach dislikes having his private time interrupted, or if he is wary because of the past; Netzach tells him both reasons are true.
Hokma remains skeptical that the “one true book” Angela seeks exists, surprising Roland, who assumed she would not be pursuing it were it not real.
Hongyuan's Forsaken, essentially test subjects for bolus experimentation, have it the worst, being essentially twisted amalgamations of body parts and plant life in perpetual pain.
However, I know that preaching love is utterly meaningless in this City.
However, even life under a Wing is not truly free, as the majority of Nest residents live in constant fear of producing insufficient results and being evicted from the Nest.
However, it was still no reason to allow a kid to participate in the experiments.
However, it will be enough money to secure a stable life in the Nest.
However, the recent collapse of Lobotomy Corporation (L Corp.) means that its position is currently vacant and no official governance exists in its territory, Nest L.
However, they also have to borrow T Corp's time controlling Singularity to clone effectively, because the Head has a cloning law that prevents clones from existing in the City for 7 days in a row, measured using "their time".
I am woefully aware of Thelma’s cunning and unhinged purpose behind saddling Section 2 with one request after another and wearing us down… I am but waiting for the right time.
I asked ‘em, “Hell man, why aren’t you guys just becoming Fixers instead?”, and they said… They don’t really feel like it, since they don’t really wanna get entangled in formal stuff and there’s just too much to prepare to get a license and everything.
I could trust in Xiao, and I was glad to have this person as my lifelong partner.
I don’t get why you vilify this.
I guess that’s why the empty seats felt even more noticeable… He seemed pretty refreshed and relaxed on his last day.”
I had no choice but to accept this sad truth.
I had no time to reflect on the reason I left my seat.
I have no comment to make, since I don’t know the reason myself.
I just accepted to carry on with my life.
I sometimes thought how my life would’ve been if I stayed as a commoner taking Prescripts like them.
I suppose that’s why they couldn’t enter the tent until that moment.
I thought they were just freaky with weird tastes, but looking back, now I get why they chose us.
I wanted to end my life because of Prescripts, and now the Prescripts won’t even let me do that.
I was grateful to have such serenity each day, reasoning with Lulu’s occasional complaints.
If you safely finished your business with Cane Office, those documents will become powerful pieces of evidence that’ll protect you in case a dispute breaks out for whatever reason.
If you’re so afraid, why don’t you hire Fixers or move to a Nest.
In actuality, Benjamin hid within Lobotomy Corporation and attempted to warn an amnesic Ayin about the truth behind the facility and Angela.
In fact, you do not even need to create the robot in the first place; if the Eye saw someone is going to make a sapient robot in the future, they will immediately attempt to obliterate the offender without them even knowing exactly why.
In other places, mistakes would just cost ya own life, but losing your credit in meetings like that means the members of your Syndicate are also biting the dust.
In truth, the Boluses used to produce them use secret recipes only known by the Xianren of each branch, and are kept under wraps because they actually contain elements of inhumans from the Outskirts.
Includes Abnormalities that do not exist in physical reality and are closer to intangible phenomena (ex.
Is a Crapshoot: The Head is a firm believer of this for currently ambiguous reasons and being responsible for the creation of a sapient robot is one of the most prominent ways to actually get them to intervene.
It could turn into a cycle of meaningless struggles.
It exists for Lady Dias and Lady Dias alone.
It wasn’t actually capable of forming such detailed sentences, but my head took it that way for some reason… Maybe I was thinking to myself.
It's one of the reasons patent wars are that much important.
It’s a societal boundary that keeps us humans from betraying each other’s trust as we must coexist.
It’s important for an Office to show that it has formality and class; most Offices have set a dress code for that reason.
It’s one of the reasons patent wars are that much important.
I’ve got no dang clue why they set a time like this when every soul ‘ere’s already frightened to the bone.
Just wanted to emphasize that people from all walks of life visit our workshop.
L'heure de Loup (Unknown reason how it was manifested, but implied to be because of Roland's single-handed rampage annihilating majority of the Middle's Operations.)
Leeroy Jenkins: This is why they weren't contracted with L Corp: The collateral damage caused by their strength and aggression would've been too much for a fragile research facility to handle.
Life in the Nest isn’t anything special, honestly.
Life insurance for Fixers is often a sham.
Life’s too rough for that.
Maybe there was something more important than making a fortune and spending the rest of his life in comfort for him…”
Meaning I don’t care about the ancillary stuff.
Meaning, if one side doesn’t carry out their part of the contract… The contract can be enforced on them.
Meaning, you won’t get to take first class seats on WARP trains all the time or load the table with a sumptuous feast.
Mmm~ Never really thought about why we use swords, nope!
More specifically, one does not believe in something’s existence so much as their belief itself brings it into existence.
Nikolai collected her thoughts and calmly asked why a war was going to occur.
No one transfers their authority for the fun of simulated uprising or other trivial reasons.
Nobody knows who created this massive current, or why we must follow it.
Not even my own life was under my control, for everything relies on the Prescripts.
Not like anything good will come out of knowing the real reason, anyway…
Notary acts exist to stop unnecessary disputes from occurring, and it’s the job of notary public Offices like Cane Office to help with that…
Nothing is more beautiful than knowing the truth, and therefore, nothing must be more shameful than admitting that what one believed in was a lie.
Noting her lukewarm response, he asks why she is no longer as certain as she once was.
Offers serviceable weapons to Fixers at a reasonable price, and sells quality weapons to underground Syndicates at higher prices… There’s been cases of the opposite happening sometimes, but that’s not what matters.
One could make endless questions as to why this must be taken so far.
Others Rats • Backstreets Butchers (Pierre's Bistro) • The Eight Chefs • The Church of Gears • Love Town • Sweepers • The 8 o'Clock Circus • Puppets • Mirae Life Insurance • The Head • The Eye • The Claw
Our main purpose is not to fight and win, but rather to ensure the safety of our clients.
Pameli was right; all I had to do was make up reasons that are convenient to me.
People are hung up on money, but it’s not just because they want to be well off; the formidable tax burden is a big part of why.
People open up new roads to merge into the roads of others for various reasons.
Powered by a Forsaken Child: The hidden truth behind their healing serum is that it's comprised of the tears of a captured Abnormality-like entity resembling an enormous one-eyed mass of flesh, which are capable of reverting things back to an "original state" on contact.
Ranging from human fears, complexes, and desires, these phantoms can be considered a different form of humanity and an existence considered as “human” as mankind itself.
Rather, thinking that such a place exists is an act of defiance in itself.
Roland delivers a strenuous stack of books to Hokma, questioning why he needs so many.
Roland questions why Hokma would want to read such complex books — and so many of them at that — and makes snarky comments about his age.
See here for Garion's third life.
See here for more information about Garion's first and second life.
Shadow Dictator: Most people know the Head's existence, but barely anyone knows what and who they actually are, their mindset, or the District 1 that they directly govern.
She expresses her wish to break free of this shackle, noting that there can only be two outcomes: either they will receive a new life, or perish.
She reveals the purpose of their meeting: to have tea together.
Since one is paid in time, it stands to reason that those that are poor do not have a lot of time, while those that are rich have more time than they know what to do with.
Something about life being precious and whatevs.
Something that he was mistaken in was teaching A to overcome everything, but the truth was that he never had overcome it.
Staying with you only exacerbated my suffering, defeating the whole purpose of joining you in the first place.
Stranger still is that the Head outright seems to approve of Loophole Abuse to get around these taboos, which is potentially why some of them seem so oddly easy to bypass.
Taking in what I have said so far, you would think that this is such a peculiar and untruthful love.
That’s where the quality of life sees a visible increase.
That’s why I can’t understand Lulu.
That’s why I care no longer about the skin and flesh you wore only momentarily.
That’s why we move in groups.
The 8 o'Clock Circus (Unknown reason how it was manifested.)
The Church of Gears Leader (Unknown reason how it was manifested, likely further distorted by Argalia upon being recruited.)
The Eighth Chef (Unknown reason how it was manifested.)
The Ghost: While it exists, absolutely nothing is known about Z Corp, let alone its Nest.
The Hand of the Backstreets is possibly the biggest reason no one dares to take care of the lawless land that is the Backstreets; no Associations or Wings can touch it, and not even the Head itself can easily interfere.
The Musicians of Bremen (Unknown reason how it was manifested, likely further distorted by Argalia upon being recruited.)
The Nest will be slowly rebuilt under the new Wing's control, and life in the Nest will eventually return to normal.
The Pianist (Unknown reason how it was manifested.)
The Reindeer Team's Shock and Awe powers come at a cost of their own sanity, meaning extended warfare leads to their members going insane.
The Spook: Everyone knows the Head exists, but save for Garion we don't see any other known personnel from them until the very end of Library of Ruina, where a second Arbiter named Zena is personally met (by the same entities that the first one intended to remove).
The Spook: Just like other entities that consist of the Head, everyone knew the Claw exists and there are at least four known Claws, but only one of them is even named and that is a high rank Executioner unit.
The Wings could easily make superior weapons with their technology, there’s no real reason they couldn’t improve upon the current designs.
The Wings directly oversee all facets of life in their Nests and generally leave their District's Backstreets to fend for themselves.
The Wings directly oversee all facets of life in their Nests and generally leave their district's Backstreets to fend for themselves.
The attachment of the Sephirah to employees is meaningless, as everything in the facility is paused, as they wait for morning with their eyes closed every night.
The concept of countries does not exist in the City.
The former I can understand, but I’m still not sure why they set a limit on how long.
The ideal course of action begins by identifying the reason the enemy intends to fight in the first place.
The machine has difficulty scanning lifeforms that move too much, so we need to take measures to subdue it.
The most I could hear was a rumor that an S-class workshop exists somewhere.
The nightmares have been with me for a good majority of my life.
The reason for this is a T Corp component in the train quite literally harvesting time from the passengers for their own business — it's why the rides take so long.
The reason is obvious.
The reason is simple: Hierarchy is absolute for the Thumb.
The reasons for this taboo are actually far more mundane than they seem - U Corp sells encrypted information of the Lake's laws to large vessels like ones owned by other Wings, such as Lobotomy Corp's sea branch, and is presumably a pretty hefty part of their profit margin.
The sole reference to its existence outside of the statement of there being 26 Wings in the City, is via the statement of a T Corp.
The truth is a bit more complicated.
The truth is that they're the tears of a captured monster with the power to revert matter, obtained by forcing it to watch footage of extreme cruelty and making it cry.
Their eyes were lifeless and blurry, and there was some sort of symbol on their neck, as if they’d been attacked by a Stigma Workshop product… The desperation was palpable.
Their prices are pretty reasonable compared to most procedures and workshop weapons, too.
Then for reasons unknown, I brought the other dolls out of your room and cut them up with a pair of scissors.
There also exists ‘families’ of Abnormalities, in which all embody concepts that share a common theme, grouping them together as an interconnected series.
There are insurance plans for Fixers, Associations, and even Wings… on top of secondary insurance an insurer can take… It would take a long while to list all the insurance that exists in the City.
There certainly are workshops permitted to make S-class firearms, but I’m guessing only three to five of them exist in the entire City.
There is also an oddly specific anti-cloning law that prevents two instances of the same people existing at the same time for 7 days, but measured only in A Corp.
There's a reason why in the City's history, while Wings have come and gone, the Head, Eye and Claw remained exactly where they always were.
Therefore, the liquid must always be filled, which is the reason we dine.
There’s currently no technology in our world that can completely cancel out noise, and it won’t exist in the foreseeable future.
There’s lots of people who live in fear every moment, but… The others live a pretty normal life.
These Key Page Stories exist in the game files but are not obtainable in-game.
These letters are often related to the service, product, units or specialty of the Wing they represent, and occasionally hold a double meaning.
They crumbled and blamed A for it, and Hokma tells him that he will never do that, as he wants to be an important part of A's life.
They don’t question it further or try to dig deeper into the truth, because… Well, they have their hands full with making their ends meet, and they don’t want to risk losing it all meddling in business secrets, I suppose.
They wonder… “Aren’t they disrupting the City’s order?” If you ask me, this City as it exists with the Stars… might be what the Head thinks as the ideal image of the City.
This affects how they can work as well, as the amount of time you have dictates how slow or fast time moves for you, with minimum wage being 4 hours (meaning you experience 4 hours worth of time within a normal 24 hour day, or in short: move 6 times slower than normal).
This annoys Netzach, as he doesn't know why else Hokma would visit him.
This is presumably also one of the reasons why the Wings generally neglect the Backstreets beyond setting and enforcing overall policies, as the Five Fingers have designated all the Backstreets in the City as their territory.[5]
This is presumably also one of the reasons why the Wings generally neglect the Backstreets beyond setting overall policies, as the Five Fingers have designated all the Backstreets in the City as their territory.
This is why I can’t talk with people whose brains are too old.
This is why it's said to be difficult to expand their numbers, and even harder for any master to to recoup their losses should their Heishou Pack be crippled.
Those Nest dwellers like to gossip about how we’re cruel and dreary and all that, but the truth is, we’re doing just fine.
Those heavy taxes won’t be a problem as long as use your gun for its intended purpose.
Though there was another reason to do something about that L Corp: It produced a massive amount of fumes.
Thus, much of what Gregor says is based in truth, but may not be entirely accurate to the real deal.
Tiphereth thanks Chesed for being considerate, but asks him why he is so insistent about making them drink coffee with him.
Tiphereth tries to make them stop squabbling; Gebura simply says she doesn't like the taste of coffee and doesn't understand why people would like "bitter bean water." In response, Chesed says he is offering them a sweeter coffee this time -- caramel macchiato -- and entreats them to try it.
To tell you the truth… Yes.
Trying new things might let me forget it for a moment, but the memories will still follow me for life.
Unfortunately, the meaning of that voice was lost on me.
Values humanity above all else and believes that pain and suffering are necessary to the human existence.
Walking Spoiler: It's hard to talk about them at all without discussing the truth behind the WARP Trains and W Corp's Singularity.
Watching a horror film incites fear even though you know it’s fiction; however, it’s not always easy to discern the truth.
We Used to Be Friends: She knew Gebura in her original life.
Well, I did say I’ll help her out, but the truth is… My Office figured that we could find plenty of valuable loot in the Library.
Well, not exactly for that reason.
Well, that’s the life of an upper middle class they all talk about.
We’re called Rats for a reason.
We’re not aboutta go down a boring philosophical riddle about the weight of life, now.
We’re the Liu, the Association that solely exists for war.
While it’s unclear whether they’re involved in this case… I believe there’s enough reason to be wary of them.
Winds of Destiny, Change!: Wishpower, the other main power associated with Nest J besides J Corp's Singularity, is essentially this.
Wings use highly selective entrance exams which test applicants' mental prowess (but occasionally also other factors) to determine who will ultimately join its corporate machine.[8] Entire examinee towns exist in the City where applicants study for Wing entrance exams.[9]
Yesterday's Promise (Unknown reason how it was manifested, but implied to be in part by Roland's contract leading to his team's devastation.)
Yet again, I’m running away from truth.
You break it, and yer life’s over right then n’ there!
You said I am strong, but the truth is that I was weak and fainthearted until the very last time I faced you.
You’re basically giving up all the joys of life.
being described as totally disconnected from the external environment, which is why they're able to withstand a near-infinite amount of external trauma.
to send a specialized Fixer called a Taboo Hunter to secure the offender(s) and transport them to N Corp's headquarters for unknown reasons, or just eliminate them outright.
“ Though there was another reason to do something about that L Corp: It produced a massive amount of fumes.
“How’s it going?” “So-so, how about you?” “Same as you, lass.” After some meaningless chatters, Myo gasped like she remembered something and started skimming through her fanny pack.
“I wonder why he quit, though.
“Right… They’re weaklings individually, that’s why they like to move in packs.”
“Why would he join that weird funky band?”
“You’re pausing it at just the right moment like it’s a rerun you’ve watched over and over… There’s got to be a reason.”
얀샋ㄷ요무 (Gave in after discovering the truth behind the prescripts.)

========================
PHILOSOPHY – AUTO (inputs)
========================
But then, why did the Thumb top the list of Syndicates one would never want to get involved with in the survey for Fixers conducted by the Hana Association, in spite of such good manners?
Do you think you’re respecting life right now?
Even then, she should be valuing her own life, shouldn’t she?
Ever thought about the possibility that an infinity of different versions of the world you live in might exist?
I gotta wonder, though; why rabbits of all animals?
If Syndicates didn’t exist, more than half of all Offices would be out of jobs, essentially unemployed, ya get it?
Is it because human life is precious?
Is this the real life?
I’m not even dreaming of a life that I can be proud of; how does one achieve the feeling that their life is bearable to live, let alone be satisfied with it?
Then lemme ask: what’s the reason to respect life?
Then why did I exploit him?
Though, why aren’t we disclosing the full details about certain cases to the general public through news outlets or anything, you ask?
We had one question, though; it’s nice that they’re giving us a job, but why ask a Syndicate like ours instead of going to the Zwei or other Offices that are better suited for handling public safety issues?
What I felt wasn’t hope, and that ignoring that Prescript and taking my own life as I’d planned might have been a truer expression of my free will.
What is the right way to live a life in this place, I must wonder?
When a human, a creature that always puts itself above all else, loses their edge because of what they hold dear and places higher priority on it over their own life… The consequences will be grim in any case.
Where has my free will run off to?
Who decided it so, and why!
Why A Corp.
Why am I bringing this up all of a sudden?
Why did I miss everything while you were still by my side?
Why did the Prescripts give me that order that day?
Why do I spend the whole night longing for you and regretting only after you have parted from me?
Why do people think that eating is natural, but then draw the line at eating their fellow man?
Why make a huge fuss about the noise when it isn’t even too loud, blah blah… Talking out of their ass.
Why ‘Colors’ of all terms when there are many other stylish words to choose from?
You say this is fair, but say no to physical conflicts, to “respect life” or whatevs?
You thought Fixers and Syndicates were enemies for life?
“Cloudy bastards… Why’re they picking at us so much?
