========================
EDGE – AUTO (outputs)
========================
80,000 residents of its Nest are killed by the Distortion known as The Crying Children, which leads the Wing to focus its attention on the Distortion Phenomenon.[11]
A Day in the Limelight: Intervallo IV-1 in Limbus Company has them deal with Time Track specifically, where they're assisted by a Level 5 Time Collector in stopping a Distortion that is "killing" the time of Nest dwellers.
A Party Everlasting (Gave in upon learning that the Branch O-5681 Manager was dead for a long time.)
A Rabbit Team Soldier’s Page
A Reindeer Team Soldier’s Page
A Rhino Team Soldier’s Page
A bloodstained shell would be all that is left.
A lot of us kill people and do some wicked shit for the sake of cash, I’ll give you that… But others aren’t too different from your average Fixers, I’m tellin’ ya!
A principle I could not follow, for I was not allowed to openly express sadness over the death of the few in order to protect the many; and my obligation to seize any chance of victory compelled me to march forward if there was something to count on.
A sloppy kid like him would’ve gotten killed anyway, abducted in the Backstreets and fading away while witnessing his innards getting ripped from his body.
Accusations would be brought against me for being unmoved by the death of any person however close they may have been in life, a point not everyone would see as criticism.
Affably Evil: This is a bona fide Arbiter who means serious business, but she still has time for friendly banter and instead of killing every Librarian right away (which is what you expect in such a situation) all she does is to eject the Library and the whole L Corp.
After all, they gladly obeyed the piece of paper telling them to kill every member of the Thumb in the Nest.
After all, you already paid for the Taboo with death.
After asking to A if he knows the secret of this place, he explains that lives in the facility are trivial and occur constantly that no mourn is needed, and that those who die might come back at the call of Hokma or remain in eternal rest.
After completing the day, Binah will reward the player with permanent upgrades: E.G.O will no longer be lost or destroyed when the wielder dies, and the relevant department ( Extraction Team) won't be affected by Qliphoth Meltdowns.
After completing the day, Chesed will reward the player with permanent upgrades: There will be a 25% chance for an Agent to recover before they panic or die (Specifically they will recover 50% of their Max HP or SP, depending on if they were to die or panic).
After selecting the option 'Load', Hokma says that Anya is now awake and working, like 10 years have not passed since her death.
Although it wasn't the skill of Anya, she had a trait that other people couldn't see.
And I Must Scream: The passengers can scream just fine, but there’s a particularly gruesome fate for passengers and employees who somehow get out the train mid-transit, where they’re lost in limbo and between dimensions without any means of recovery or death for all eternity.
And Your Reward Is Clothes: Kill her using Gebura in the final Act of R Corp.
And the Rabbit Team: Their thirst for blood leaves no margin for sloppiness at the cost of killing civilians.
And they don’t have to worry about starving to death even if they don’t get requests.
And we’ve got tough bodies, too.
Anyone can commit murder by the hundreds and get away with it vs.
Appearing in District 9's Backstreets, the Pianist devastated the district and caused the deaths of 300,000 people, becoming the first and worst large-scale incident of the Distortion to ever occur.
As a result, they weren't hired as mercenaries within L Corp in fear of them destroying the facility with their collateral damage.
As per tradition, both Ryoshu and Don have these in their W Corp Identities - with Don losing HP if she uses her third skill when below 10 charge, and Ryoshu being guaranteed to lose HP if she ever uses her third skill when below 15 charge.
Aside from basic issues such as vulnerability to damage and creaky noises, cheap prosthetic bodies compromise too much.
Associations Hana Association • Zwei Association • Tres Association • Shi Association • Cinq Association • Liu Association (Liu Association Section 1 • Liu Association Section 2) • Seven Association • Devyat Association • Dieci Association • Öufi Association
At the end of the game, after Roland and Angela forgive each other, the Head deploys Zena, Luda, and Baral in an attempt to finally recover Garion's body, as well as to exile the Library along with the L Corp's Nest from the City, and destroy Angela.
At the last phase: the player can pause (Hokma Suppression effect will kill/panic random employees).
Back when we were still part of the killer Syndicate, we got a client asking us to hunt some crazed Syndicate.
Based on the Seven Deadly Sins that humans commit within the City.
Because of this, and the fact that Abnormalities are immortal beings that can never die, there is no point in resenting or hating them.
Being an organization that is familiar with dealing death, the Shi’s code of honor is to treat every person equally, as the weight of death is equal for everyone.
Berserk Button: Each Wing has a set of laws called Taboos that, if broken, will lead to immediate punishment and death for the individual.
Besides, our soldiers weren’t lacking in combat prowess by any means, so there had to be more to us than just hiring many people.
Bio-Augmentation: Each of them has undergone procedures using H Corp's Boluses to mutate parts of their bodies to resemble the animals they represent, greatly increasing their lethality and unpredictability in combat.
Blood Knight: Zena expresses joy when she finds that despite being heavily weakened, Roland, Gebura, and Binah all still manage to put up a good fight and withstand her assaults, implying that, similarly to Garion, Zena relishes fighting powerful foes.
Bloodfiends.
Blue-and-Orange Morality: They kill people over strange taboos and hate prosthetics for no apparent reason, making them some of the more logically alien Wings.
Body Horror: Their soldiers have this in spades thanks to being spliced with monstrous insects, sometimes being as simple as a sharp appendage replacing one limb, all the way to outright becoming a bipedal insect.
Business would be much handier if we adopted the same system… as with everything else… Greeting guests is the one thing that’s more dangerous than developing new weapons when you run a workshop.
But at their current level of skills, the three would just cluck at these newbies’ performance and go back to whatever they were doing.
But both Syndicates suddenly said they’re no longer selling ingredients for some reason.
But making it harder to kill people doesn’t seem good enough a reason to impose such restrictions.
But, at least, you won’t have to hear of your friend’s death while you’re having lunch.
Capo dei capi (Godfather), Sottocapo (Underboss), Capo (Captain), and Soldato (Soldier/Goodfella)… The Thumb is divided into these four echelons.
Child Soldiers: They’re not above using teenagers for frontline combat, with Gregor noted to be at least 15 years old, possibly younger, when he was first spliced by researchers and trained for combat.
Cruel Mercy: Eventually, we learn that the Head's preferred method for dealing with Impurities isn't to kill them, but rather to banish them to the Outskirts beyond the City.
Death
Death follows the trails of [Abnormality]’s escape.
Death or Glory Attack: Downplayed with the Secret Art of Rose, Lesti, and Sen, Rip Space.
Despite the Taboos being technically laws, if you breach a Taboo in the Night of the Backstreets (where laws supposedly don't apply), you'll get killed anyways.
Discreet killing is the Shi Association’s specialty.
Double Tap: Their skill Overwhelm boasts an Unbreakable Coin that, if not cracked before landing, can reroll itself up to two more times depending on its user's speed.
Due to the strange strands of logic that Abnormalities fundamentally follow—along with their dangerous, anomalous capabilities—this renders conventional reason and judgement irrelevant and brings great risk of death to those encountering them.
Employees that are Panicked or Invincible (Inside the Shelter, are the 12th Apostle, etc) will not be selected to die from Hokma's ability.
Enkephalin was typically manufactured by isolating Abnormalities into Containment Units and providing stimulation through interactions such as play, conversation, or violence.
Enoch dies as a result of an experiment with cogito trying to make the bucket
Even if someone stands in our way, and attacks us… Even if a powerful Fixer kills a Sweeper next to us who was our family, we pay no heed and continue onward.
Even though it was shredded and soaked in blood, the cotton filling was still clustered together, as if it remembered the volume of the doll.
Even though they’re… dead.
Even when the Sinners end up creating a massive disturbance that necessitated a lock-down and security team deployment, he's only visibly taken aback for a few seconds before dryly ordering the interlopers to be killed.
Evil Luddite: On top of their sheer brutality and backwards laws, it's implied that the Wing is at least partially technophobic, with camera and film technology being inexplicably banned and punishable by death if they're used in their territories.
Fantastic Racism: They consider anyone who replaced any body part with metallic prosthetics as having renounced their humanity and gleefully kill them whenever they get the chance.
Fate Worse than Death: Suffered by one of its executive board members, who was a first-class passenger aboard the WARP Train hijacked by the Puppeteer, and turned into a Puppet.
Felony Misdemeanor: You can literally slaughter entire nests and turn people into monsters, but as soon as they know you're manufacturing androids, not paying taxes, or trying to commit patent fraud, among others, you'll die instantly.
Filming in their Backstreets is grounds for a trained Fixer to slaughter you, and they will gleefully blow up entire cities using a special cultist squad just because another Wing has a prosthetics plant right next to their border.
Following a two-day stalemate, Angela offered a compromise: she would retrieve the Light already expended for her own purposes, in exchange for providing the Sephirot with new human bodies.
For example, Hokma reminds A of an employee that was nice to him, who had died recently.
For example, after the Sinners in Limbus Company were killed by a Grade 1 Fixer for breaking a Taboo of K Corp and revived by Dante, the previously-hostile K Corp security lets them pass without incident.
For example, the Head will tolerate mass murder and cruel experiments to create monsters but they will instantly kill tax evaders on sight, and N Corp.
For them, human meat is the one and only ingredient that matches their pursuit.
Garion is dispatched and kills everyone but Benjamin and Ayin.
Had I been busy with an urgent appointment as any other tragic tale should go, your death wouldn’t have felt so miserable.
Hate Sink: The only things we hear about this Wing is them killing people for strange reasons and snagging the Golden Boughs, but it's in Limbus where we find out they are more than willing to hire Ax-Crazy Sadists to carry out the dirty work.
Having keen eyes is all part of our skills.
He always saw an expression of sadness when his employees died.
He failed to kill the targets and was expelled from N Corp's elite soldiers, assisting Moses and Ezra in capturing Distortions within L Corp's District.
Her sister died from a disease and the parents passed away.
Her voice was lifeless, and she had gotten so cold; it wouldn’t have come to anyone’s surprise if she died at any moment.
Hero-Worshipper: She idolized the Red Mist ever since Kali saved her from certain death at the hands of a Syndicate as a child.
Hey, I’m not suggesting that we all starve to death.
High quality, pricey bodies come with sensory organs.
Hokma responds that, no matter how agonizing it is, she must accept the death of the past and move onward toward the future.
Hopeless Boss Fight: It's actually impossible to kill Zena and Baral.
However, as they were ordered to assassinate the targets and not engage them in direct combat, they have a Repressed Bloodthirst effect that weakens their stats and effectively lowers them to level 50, more in-line with what the Sinners have been facing so far.
However, the incident with the Puppeteer which resulted in the deaths of many first-class passengers, increased energy prices following the downfall of L Corp, and the further passenger disappearances caused by Cassetti caused their standing to take a nosedive.
However, the troops they deploy are usually so powerful, that one alone can instantly destroy entire corporations and deal with multiple apocalyptic Eldritch Abominations.
However, their agents will kill people for bizarre reasons due to a lethal cocktail of insane fanaticism and Blue-and-Orange Morality, and they are not far from hiring the worst types of people to do the dirty work.
However, these are ineffective if the brain is outright destroyed.
I couldn’t see a single word that said anything about salvation or death.
I do not wish to see you suffer for the death of your employees.
I heard some Offices straight up ban killing people, even.
I trace back the nightmares to remember the past; everything was over, and I planned to follow them to death, but I didn’t have the courage to end my own life, so I… I picked up the Prescript that I thought would spell my doom at last and read it slowly.
If Deathwrit [Haste] stack reaches zero, the target takes Gluttony damage equal to their Rupture Potency.
If the Agent equipped with a Tool dies, it will be returned to the Containment Unit.
If the player attempts to pause the game, 1 random employee will die or panic in the facility.
If the player pauses, 1 employee will either die or panic and it will increase the amount until every employee dies or panics in the facility (Hokma).
If the serum is not refined and given a suggestion beforehand, it will instead revert things back into the "purest forms" of themselves, which is unknown but will almost certainly result in instant death for any living being that touches it.
If they deploy more than that, it is a dead giveaway that something very fishy is going on.
If they don’t pay the fee, they’ll die or get kicked out.
If this liquid runs out, we will stop dead in place.
If we made big enough contributions in that war, we might be able to avoid being destroyed.
If you do not pay up after 3 warnings, they will send a Claw to kill you instantly.
If you don’t meet the deadline, you’ll get a warning.
If you have the skills to back yourself up, multiple organizations will make sweet offers to recruit you.
If you misjudge your opponents, you’ll end up dead before you could try anything…
In Canto 7, we are introduced to a character who looks remarkably similar to the fixer who kills Angela.
In Library Of Ruina, one of their trains seemingly gets stuck in another dimension mid-transport, trapping all of the passengers in there with no way out and no way to die.
In the case of WARP trains where people tend to go murderously insane, this often means putting them back together piece by piece.
In the wreckage of the Nest that’s gradually turned into an environment similar to the Backstreets, all they can do is accept horrible deaths as Backstreets residents do or hire a Fixer… Or pay protection fees to one of the powerful Syndicates that enter the Nest and be under their care.
In-game, this takes the form of the debuff Deathwrit [Haste] which inflicts Rupture Count when attacked by an opponent with 10+ speed.
Includes Abnormalities possessing human-like bodies or appendages, even if distorted or malformed (ex.
Inside the Hatchery, dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of them fight to the death.
Iori and tomerry wake up and she defends tomerry who destroys vergilius' orphanage
It also shows the reason why the Head wiped them out; through the manipulations of Jia Mu, the Kong family created inhuman Outskirts entities (a major taboo of the Head) that slaughtered them all and marked the remainder for eradication, after which Garion and her forces were sent as cleanup.
It could stop at a good beating and one side surrendering, but some Syndicates raid Offices out of pure boredom and kill everyone.
It seemed clear as crystal that his tenderness would one day lead his team to death, yet he was faring better than I thought.
It turns out it's because they really don't, and the only situations where they attack is when someone commits specific types of seemingly trivial offenses (at least when compared to senseless mass slaughter) or when they are explicitly threatened.
It was eventually destroyed in the Smoke War by Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias, who used several groups such as the Udjat and the 4th Pack of R Corp.
It was reassuring to know that Xiao wouldn’t throw away her own life if I ever died.
It's justified, considering most people who met an Arbiter most likely ended up dead.
It's unknown if this actually decays the target, or simply heals them to such an excessive degree that their bodies break down and liquefy.
It’s little more than a cohort of people who have nowhere else to go, or those who carry the intent to murder someone.
It’s not rare for such people to hold a deadly grudge against someone.
It’s true that a gun can effortlessly kill a person with one well-placed shot.
I’m not sure how I should explain it… In short, they made a contract with a devilish person of some kind, and they’re scared that they might break the contract, so they were now asking us to take care of the devil so it can’t kill them as punishment.
Just Ignore It: Despite them being part of the most deadly force within the City, you can easily avoid dealing with them by simply behaving along the rules.
Just trace the smell of the blood, and stuff what you find in your mouth as your brain tells you to.
K Corp healing drones are programmed to shoot anyone that tries to desert an engagement with decay ampules, swiftly killing them for the sake of "maintaining morale" and discouraging deserters.
Kaizo Trap: In the 30th of April Update, the Head's agents can actually kill you as a post-credits encounter, but the "win condition" is still the same as before.
Kill if you’re told to kill, and die if you’re told to die.
Killing an enemy with Disposal will instantly return it to your hand with a lowered cost.
Killing them right now would obviously break the rules, so you drag them to your house and enjoy a quiet rest.
Let’s say that every human on the planet except for one turned into Bloodfiends, and that single person remaining is left “normal”, as they say.
Let’s say that you sidetracked on your way home and were killed by some Syndicate members that ambushed you.
Like how he became an old man, nobody is free of the cycle of life and death.
Limbus Company also reveals they have a severe Taboo against technology that can bring people back from the dead - but specifically only if it revives the person's body AND mind at the same time, which means that an army of animated corpses is A-OK for the Head, but true revival isn't.
Limbus Company reveals that not only were they actually sent as clean-up to destroy the actual culprits, the Cuckoospawn, by that time H Corp had already been transferred over to Jia Mu, who instigated the entire incident out of spite for the old H Corp leadership.
Loophole Abuse: Taboos usually result in the death sentence of the offender.
Lore Abnormalities - Distortions (Bloodfiends) - E.G.O.
Magic Potion: What Hongyuan's bolus solutions effectively function as, being fantastical combinations of various ingredients that can achieve transformational effects that, for all intents and purposes, are outright logic-defying magic.
Many of Baral’s pages have dice that cannot be destroyed, which completely shuts down the dice destruction effect of Roland's "Wheels Industry" and "Furioso", as well as Gebura's "Great Split- Vertical".
Many of them died in that incident with the Distortion last time.
Maybe I should’ve just died early so I could breathe again as another being.
Michelle snitches to the head because she feels guilty about all the death happening
More experiments with cogito results in the death of giovanni
Moses, the Captain of the Udjat at the time, participated in these killings, suppressing her doubts to support Dias' will.
Most notably, they are the only ones other than the Head who are explicitly permitted the boundless use of firearms without the rules, making sure that they are the most deadly force second to the Head itself.
Mountain of Smiling Bodies)
Mundane Utility: They have "life insurance" for their wealthiest clients, which means literally bringing killed clients back from the dead.
N Corp is very anti-mechanical prosthetics for no known reason, to the point that they will attack and slaughter entire cities in the Nests of other Wings over it.
Near the war's end, he had amassed 23 kills before meeting Salvador, who was working as a mercenary for I Corp at the time.
Nebulous Evil Organisation: The Head has its regulations and control spread all over the City, and the higher-ups of other Wings, Associations, and Syndicates follow their guidelines under the fear of being killed right on spot.
Nebulous Evil Organisations: There's nobody in the City who does not know about the Wings, and their obsession for wealth pales in front of their obsession for death and weirdness.
Netzach calls out Tiphereth for assuming they had free time; Malkuth lightly scolds him for being so deadpan, remarking that it's rare for Tiphereth to actively ask them for help.
Nikolai's Disposal consists of two massive attacks that destroy all dice on the target's page and have their damage further amplified if the target is at low HP and has Nikolai's mark on them.
No matter how many combatants die in battle, we fill the vacancy with new soldiers in no time.
Not directly linked during the scenes or shown talking with each other, Hokma's opinion of Angela is clear of the machine made of grief over Carmen's death.
Not so long after, I received the news that they were planning to destroy our Pack.
Not that it's not enough to kill you anyways.
Not-So-Safe Harbor: U Corp is full of them, stuffed to the brim with merchants, swindlers, pirates, murderers, and other sketchy folk.
Notably, Dante's rewind-revives don't seem to count as a taboo due to it seemingly reversing the time of the body and making it so the death never happened in the first place.
On Agent Death:
On Kill
On top of that, several of the main characters' backstories are connected to them: Sinclair's family was slaughtered by the 'Inquisitors' made up of N Corp employees, Yi Sang and Meursault both worked for them at some point, and the previously mentioned Hermann is Gregor's Arch-Enemy.
Once the Sinners are all killed rather violently, they don’t seem to mind that they’ve been brought back to life again and let them go on their way.
One is expected to give unconditional obedience to a higher authority.
One of the Executioners of the Head, he is a high-ranking Claw from C Corp who accompanies Luda and Zena when the Head raids the Library in an attempt to kill Angela and recover Garion's body.
One of the two children Carmen took in died in a failed experiment.
Only the skilled ones can afford to make choices, like decline offers from Offices or ask to be transferred to another.
Our Syndicate’s well acquainted with the guys at Hook Office~ We used to chop n’ rip n’ tear together before they moved on to Fixer business… We were the best buddies, the two Syndicates had a wonderful time with each other.
Our usual source of cooking ingredients are Syndicates specializing in butchery.
PALE for the pale horse of Death.
Part of the reason she is so hostile towards Angela despite having worked with her closely in the past is due to the fact that Myo suspects that Angela may have had a hand in both Kali's death and Kali's current status as Gebura, whom Myo has much more mixed feelings about.
Patchwork World: The Great Lake is less a single body of water, and more a patchwork quilt of smaller, differently colored water bodies with strict borders between them, each with their own environments and Laws.
Pint-Sized Powerhouse: She's only 164 cm tall (a centimeter taller than Malkuth), but as an Arbiter, is unambiguously one of the deadliest denizens of the City.
Powerful Pick: Some of their operatives wield high tech and gigantic mining picks as their signature weapon, which doubles as not only a deadly weapon but also as a show for T Corps fixation on industrial labor.
Quite the reverse, they would seemingly sacrifice profit, efficiency, or any sort of common sense whatsoever to maximize the number of dead bodies and suffering people amongst their quarters.
Red Mist will grind Smile into the ground, destroying it, which causes several hits of 10-15 Black Damage to all entities directly nearby and switches out Justitia for Twilight (Apocalypse Bird's E.G.O.
Repeatedly killing humans is not a strange occurrence for these monsters, as their psychology and mentality remain immutably constant, as Abnormalities are abstract concepts and ideas made manifest.
Retcon: Lobotomy Corporation implies that H Corp was destroyed by Garion and her Claws.
Roland takes him out but angelica dies
She also dies to kali
She will then equip Smile (The Mountain of Smiling Bodies' E.G.O.
She's an implied colour fixer who managed to fight the original Don Quixote, A FIRST KINDRED Bloodfiend to a stalemate.
She, along with Baral, battles against Roland, and eventually Gebura and Binah as well in an attempt to kill Angela and retrieve Garion's corpse before the Library is banished.
She’ll proudly say ‘That's my boy’, in front of others.” I studied hard day after day, taking no breaks in-between… Countless times, I held my sword with a strong resolve, and many days I spent weeping alone.
Singularity is cloning, used to develop first-class soldiers in a TT2-accelerated environment.
Something about expanding muscles and pumping more adrenaline into the blood.
Still was a reliable supplier of ingredients, all in all.
Still, any degree of bond a human may form with an Abnormality will not stop the entity from killing the former if the human in question missteps and offends and/or loses themselves to the desires of the Abnormality.
Still, the streets aren’t being filled with corpses of assassinated targets because there are Fixers whose job is to kill those who were hired for assassination.
Strength or skill alone won’t make a good Fixer.
Sure, let’s say that her colleague died there.
Surprisingly Sudden Death: What the Claw inflicts on you if you violate a taboo of the Head, thanks to their teleportation abilities.
Teammate Death
That's death in here.
That’s not all; the assailant doesn’t have to show themselves to attack and a flying bullet is simply too fast for the average person to track with their eyes, making it a fine weapon for stealthily killing others.
That’s why the first thing we notice when we assess our foes is how much they’ve spent on their bodies… Oh, of course, some technologies patented by closed groups like certain Syndicates or Wings are hard to get your hands on even if you have all the cash in the world.
The Anya who was killed by a 'monster' and the one who he erased were the same, adding that it is such a futile action to wake them up and erase them in a repeated cycle.
The Blood-Red Night (Manifested after the light released them from the book, their previous status as a Bloodfiend was the result of another entity's influence.)
The Blood-red Night
The Caligula: Even when compared to other Wings, the only thing we've heard about them is killing people for seemingly minor and bizarre infractions.
The Dreaded: The Claw is a reviled existence amongst the City, and for a good reason; if you have one going after you, then you are almost always going to be dead.
The Head has its own Taboos that basically act as universal laws for the Wings, to the point that a breaking them is a death sentence for a Wing.
The Heavy: Out of the Head agent types that will kill you, you are most likely going to run into these instead of an Arbiter.
The Prescripts might order Proxies to kill the runaway who abandoned their position, or let it slide, or even give the order to resign first.
The Puppeteer (Unknown reason how it was manifested, but implied to be because of Roland destroying his workshop and his "son".)
The Rhino Team: Powerful, but easily agitated and uses its strength to destroy everything all too often.
The Taboo seems to mostly exist so that Wings won't try to patent Singularities meant to revive the dead, rather than anything else.
The WARP trains don't feature a full time-stop, but concepts like hunger, age, and death don't move forward, making all the passengers immortal (and unfortunately, aware) during the ride.
The Wing's Director Hermann leads an expedition to collect the Golden Boughs to destroy the Mirror Worlds.
The ability to make quick calculations for various possible scenarios and neutralize or kill the enemy with the least effort.
The assets will become useless when you die anyhow, so you might as well spend it to extend your life for just a little longer.
The beings said to have been punished with neverending thirst for the sin of lusting after human blood.
The boss of a Syndicate known for murdering people in cold blood, a criminal wanted by a street somewhere, laundering an identity for a person of higher status who often bribes, even requests to kill one’s own friends and family… We handle all requests without leaning to a side.
The laws of a Wing, called taboos, are enforced by specialized Fixers called Taboo Hunters, who capture and/or kill any violators of the taboos, whether in the Backstreets or the Nest.
The lesson is marked with blood so that no one… no one dares to break this rule again.
The most we had heard from them that wasn't an attack directed against Lobotomy Corporation or the Library is a Claw killing Mika's father over a fraud.
The script, however, necessitated that Angela locate and kill Benjamin, turning him into the final Sephirah, Hokma.
The set of skills required to get a Fixer’s license is quite different from those needed to pass Wing entrance exams.
The situation was so surreal, I was starting to believe that I didn’t feel my body hit the floor because a person’s senses are dulled moments before death.
The voice became stronger and deeper with the more blood the blade drank.
Their Singularity is actually cloning, meaning that as long as they have a steady supply of energy, they can infinitely replicate their troops from scratch and create thousands of copies of the same person for them to fight to death, with the surviving clone being chosen as a combatant.
Their Taboo Hunters are also behind the slaughtering of most of Vergillus's squad.
Their resentment, screams, tears, rage, and death… It’s too much for my eyes.
Then you’re dead meat.
There were twelve members in total—excluding Angelica who joined the Office later on to resolve the case of the Blood-red Night.
Therefore, their “deaths” within the Library cannot be considered entirely “real.” Angela likens the Library to a “virtual space where simulations take place.” Hokma concurs, noting that defeated guests enter an “eternal slumber” wherein their knowledge passes into the form of a book.
These clones fight for survival in a TT2-accelerated environment, in which the last clone standing becomes a soldier for R Corp.[36]
They act as the governing bodies of their respective Nests of the City's Districts, empowered by their Singularities, patented technologies that can blatantly violate the laws of physics.
They also tend to go in ways that maximize outright bloodshed and suffering, sometimes not even making sense from an economic perspective.
They are responsible for maintaining the shock troops named Claws, deployed to kill individuals guilty of various offenses instead of Wings.
They can never be permanently destroyed, so upon breaching containment and running amok, suppressing the Abnormality and re-containing it is the only option one is left with.
They skirt past the taboos from the Head around resurrection by only reversing brain death, leaving the subject still partially brain-damaged and decomposed outside of the highest-grade packages.
They're also bat-shit insane mass murderers who suffer from severe Moral Myopia.
They’re useful for beating someone to death, though I gotta take the risk that comes from using ‘em.
This is (most likely) to make it easier to kill all the clerks with Execution Bullets and to reduce the chances of Clerks getting in the way of Abnormalities.
This is fitting of the Head's elusiveness and secrecy, while also being able to suddenly deploy out of nowhere to kill any taboo-breakers.
This is why A Corp's Nest is well-coveted by the rich according to Chesed, because it's near inconceivable for A Corp to fall (if it did, the City would be as good as destroyed).
This means that it still took a being of immense skill and power to kill Angela, all those years later.
This penalty will increase by 1 for every subsequent pause until every employee dies or panics in the facility.
Though the Seed of Light couldn’t be fully deployed, enough of its effects took hold that there’s at least a sporting chance for the cycle of violence in the City to someday end.
Thus, if you’re looking to make a request for someone’s death, we recommend seeking other Associations for it.
Thus, they will perpetuate the same behaviors over and over for the rest of their existence and will naturally forget or ignore anything that happens in the past in favor of their current behavior, incapable of even acting in any manner unrelated to their embodied concept.
To us, it’s as natural as the fact of nature that spilt blood only flows downwards, not up.
Uncertain Doom: After the end of Canto III of Limbus Company their leader is dead and dozens of them were slaughtered by the Sinners during the raid on Calw.
Unfortunately, she also breaks down upon having to enter the Library to investigate or be fired, knowing fully that everyone who goes in are going to die.
Unfortunately, she died of old age, and the second (and current) manager, a sociopathic madwoman, industrialized the process by using the more unethical management methods frequently practiced by other Wings.
Violent beings who drank the blood of fellow humans.
We don’t perpetrate unnecessary killings in our duty of protecting people.
We have to kill the clones that look just like us, eat them, and prevail.
We may be a band of murderous ruffians, but we understand our place.
We mustn’t give in and maintain silence even in the face of immediate threats of death.
We protect you, your family, and your home from Syndicates of the Backstreets or crazed murderers.
We pursue extreme efficiency in order to kill our target within the limited window of opportunity.
We used to be murder for hire in District 23.
We value the art of violence more than anything here; those with an unscathed body are not permitted to join us.
We’re all dreaming silly dreams that’ll never come true with our petty skills.
We’ve done requests together, been in life or death situations together.
Whenever I close my eyes, the blurry image of a bloodstained carpet appears to me like that optical phenomenon.
While the Head fails to recover Garion's body or destroy Angela, they successfully managed to banish the Library to the Outskirts.
While the researcher from H Corp who looked at the full recipe and is heavily implied to have reported it to the Head got killed for it, Jia Mu, the true mastermind, got away with it as she didn't know the full recipe due to masterful planning, a feat Garion compliments her for.
While they consider this an act of "mercy", given how inhospitable the Outskirts are and that they kill anything that returns on sight, it's not at all an act of kindness.
With these ‘families’ of 3 or more Abnormalities, it is not unusual for them to attempt to merge together or summon a greater threat—such as an ALEPH-class Abnormality—which will endanger and potentially destroy the entire facility they inhabit.
Wretched Hive: The notorious Backstreets of District 23, which they own, is rife with cannibal killers and insane thugs.
You’d best behave before those who are more skilled than you.
Zerg Rush: Their main fighting style seems to have revolved around all-out attacks using their spliced soldiers, who rush through enemy lines by the hundreds like a tide.
and its branch facilities collapsed into chaos and lockdowns as the Wing died for the second time in recent history.
don’t fear death in the first place; they don’t hesitate to carry out any tasks.
hatching their troops in TT2-enclosed spaces, or avoiding the ban on bullets that can pierce walls by making bullets that shatter the wall and kill through shrapnel.
is infamous for killing people and blowing up entire towns presumably as applications of their Singularities.
to kill YuRia, the owner of a workshop who broke N Corp's recording Taboo in his District.
uses specialized Fixers called Taboo Hunters to capture and/or kill any violators of the taboo of District 14, whether in the Backstreets or the Nest.
‘Fixers from a former killer Syndicate will tear things up for you!
“Yeah… I— I should have died.” Carmen’s answer, on the other hand, was likely sincere.
“You should’ve been the one to die…” The other kid, who was now all alone, mumbled crying.

========================
EDGE – AUTO (inputs)
========================
And what if you just up and died?
Are our lives really worth the blood I spilt for them?
Even a cheap hamburger made from whatever unspeakable ingredients is still wrapped in a modern and rich packing, yeah?
How could Anya join their company without skill, graduating from school and leaving in the Backstreets out of the Nest?
I honestly don’t ‘member how our first meeting went, other than being Backstreets buddies, but eh… That just goes to show how long our friendship’s been, don’t it?
If he didn’t die there, he could’ve faced a much more terrible fate somewhere else, isn’t that right?
If we get more money and change our bodies to new ones… then maybe I’ll be able to stop these thoughts from getting in the way of my work?
Is it really an admirable trait to have no fear of death?
Is she gonna kill me now?
Is there a person or a group dedicated to stopping violence or murder in the Backstreets?
There’s no point having masterful skills or fancy equipment if your body can’t keep up, y’know?
There’s some crooks you’d want dead for sure before they could complicate things, you see?
What about the countless other trifling and useless methods that exist to kill people?
What can the dead do with money?
What if rejecting that old ideal and becoming a Bloodfiend opened up our potential for growth in numerous aspects?
What it doesn't say it that it has to be their final death — if you have a way to be revived after death without breaking the Head's Taboo of "reviving the body and mind at the same time", then they'll let you go after the revival.
What will remain when I keep washing away blood with blood?
What’s more, people had signs of sicknesses all over their bodies, and they started wandering around L Corp’s Nest.
When Hokma received his letter joining to Lobotomy, he wasn't expecting him to die in a futile death.
When N Corp's Inquisition is burning a section of Nest K containing a prosthetics plant and slaughtering all the people inside, they meet virtually no resistance bar Limbus Company and the two K Corp.
When Woof, Doodle-doo, and Heehaw were around, we got enough chow to share with several eateries, but our find was halved since they were gone… And Oink kept making silly mistakes with it and ruined those ingredients too often, so we quit that biz altogether.
When we lose the fixation on our bodies, we won’t be afraid of death anymore.
When you know that you’ll die someday, you don’t put off your duties forever.
You have to be at death’s door to qualify, pretty much?
