Alphabetical Theme Naming: From A, B, and C Corp. all the way to Z Corp.
Anachronism Stew: The bizarre and diverse range of cultures and tech means that some Wings can have a rather specific aesthetic in both architecture and philosophies, which results in the highly advanced yet still grounded L Corp being neighbors with K Corp, a Wing that values technological growth so much that it's revolutionized robot development and outfits their elite personnel with what may as well be Powered Armor, who then have a business deal with N Corp, a Wing whose extremists can be considered luddites and fashion themselves in archaic armor reminiscent of The Crusades launched in medieval times, with said business deal giving the N Corp agents permission to assault and raze one of K Corps' villages, which has kept its medieval-German roots. Likewise, this also means that weapons between each Wing and Fixer vary wildly, with various mercenaries and enforcers using weapons that harken back to old-century weapons if they were forged in the modern day such as halberds, war hammers and lances, while others use firearms that look like they were made in the modern age, such as 9mm pistols, while others such as R Corp use obviously advanced and futuristic assault rifles.
Animal Motifs: The entire system is symbolically compared to a multi-winged bird, with the Head, Eye and Claw forming the basic, most important and fundamental functions of the body and the Wings existing to support that body, each and every Singularity compared to an egg the bird nurtures, and each individual person living in a Nest is compared to one of many feathers on the Wings.
Ax-Crazy: They aren't your run-of-the-mill corrupt, greedy corporations; they aren't overly obsessed with profit or wealth. Quite the reverse, they would seemingly sacrifice profit, efficiency, or any sort of common sense whatsoever to maximize the number of dead bodies and suffering people amongst their quarters.
Badass Army: Most Wing-employed combatants are a massive step up above the rabble found ruling the Backstreets. Although no Wing barring R Corp and old-G Corp has revealed their formal military force, their staff are still formidable fighters to the protagonists of the games and signal when the games begin to increase in difficulty. Informal combatants include K Corp's immigration staff, N Corp's Taboo Hunters and Inquisitors, and W Corp's custodial staff.
Berserk Button: Each Wing has a set of laws called Taboos that, if broken, will lead to immediate punishment and death for the individual. Notably, the Taboos are always in effect, even during the Night of the Backstreets. They go from ruthless, yet practical (U Corp outlawing the unauthorized recording the Laws of the Great Lake in order to maintain their monopoly) to the outright insane (N Corp outlawing any sort of filming).
The Head has its own Taboos that basically act as universal laws for the Wings, to the point that a breaking them is a death sentence for a Wing.
Big Bad Ensemble: They share this role in the game with the Five Fingers, the Reverb Ensemble, and even the residents of the Library. They're also collectively the most powerful entities in the City and perpetuate its cycle of suffering, making them the Greater-Scope Villain of the setting as a whole.
Black-and-Gray Morality: While all of them perpetuate the City's cycle of suffering and may capture innocents to experiment on, their morality varies from each other. Some of them like N Corp. and old G Corp. are so insane that they teeter into Hate Sink territory. Others such as R Corp and Lobotomy Corporation are ruthless in pursuit of their goals, but have a more affable code of conduct outside of that.
Blue-and-Orange Morality: Some of these tend to go out of their way to be as cruel and nonsensical as possible for no known reason. For example, the Head will tolerate mass murder and cruel experiments to create monsters but they will instantly kill tax evaders on sight, and N Corp. is infamous for killing people and blowing up entire towns presumably as applications of their Singularities. Usually, the laws will make a twisted amount of sense when explained in full, but that requires getting into the personal morality of each Wing.
Brought to You by the Letter "S": The logo of most Wings is the letter they are assigned stylized to fit into a logo. The only exception known is N Corp, which is just a nail and hammer crossed together without forming an N. (though it does reference the real name of the Wing, Nagel und Hammer or the Nail and Hammer)
The Caligula: Many of the Wings are thoroughly crazy and their decisions don't seem to make any sense, as if they were arbitrarily decided out of random. They also tend to go in ways that maximize outright bloodshed and suffering, sometimes not even making sense from an economic perspective. And if you do meet an executive of a Wing in-person, there's a high chance that person is also either batshit insane, flat-out sociopathic, or at least holds some kind of vice one way or anothernote . The "crazy makes you incompetent" part is not applicable though, as the Wings are often very competent in what they could and will do.
Cloudcuckoolander: Their behavior or decision-making processes generally don't make any sense whatsoever even from an economic perspective, most notably seen in the Head, W Corp, and L Corp. The Wings also have taboos that are grounded on execution once violated, which can be very nonsensical and minor such as "taking footage in N Corp's district".
Collapsing Lair: Nests under the governance of a Wing are mostly stable metropolitan areas, but if the governing Wing falls, the entire Nest turns into a slum and is treated no different from the Backstreets where its residents are free game for Sweepers and Syndicates. Any employees formerly working in the fallen Wing will also be plunged into working for scraps unless they are deemed useful for another Wing. This is why A Corp's Nest is well-coveted by the rich according to Chesed, because it's near inconceivable for A Corp to fall (if it did, the City would be as good as destroyed).
Cut Lex Luthor a Check:
A lot of the Wings' singularities could be used in very beneficial ways for the City, while also making the corps a tidy profit - instead, many of them use their Singularities either extremely sparingly or downright maliciously for seemingly no reason. Some of these Singularities even have only malicious uses, such as a Singularity from a now-fallen Wing that allowed them to turn humans into silk. And the Wings that can and do use their Singularities beneficially and constructively are still pretty much batshit insane, they're just very good at hiding it and/or harm the public more sparingly.
The Head in particular has enough military power with the Arbiters and Claws that they could reign in the chaos of the Backstreets and bring the Syndicates to heel, ensuring full control of the City and its citizens - but instead they prefer doing nothing and use them to enforce esoteric and strange laws that even have the characters in-universe confused.
Dark Secret: A common theme among the Singularities owned by the Wings is that the Singularities function in such a way that would be considered abhorrent to the general public if the details on how they functioned were to be leaked. For example...
W Corp's singularity is marketed as the ability to warp through space to reach any place within 10 seconds. In reality, W Corp's singularity is the ability to wipe/reset people back into a previous state, allowing the WARP train passengers to perceive their trips in the WARP train as lasting only 10 seconds when in reality their trip lasted thousands of years.
Lobotomy Corporation's singularity is known to create Enkephalin which serves as both a drug and a power source. While the workers at Lobotomy Corporation are aware that Enkephalin is produced via interaction with Abnormalities, only the workers at the main branch of Lobotomy Corporation are aware that Lobotomy Corporation's singularity actually creates Abnormalities by forcefully injecting people with Cogito.
While the exact details behind the former L Corp's singularity are still unknown, it's known to produce heavy smoke while generating energy and both Salvador and Roland's off-screen reaction to the source of the smoke implied that it was horrific enough to warrant their memories of it immediately being erased after eliminating it.
K Corp advertises their healing Singularity as highly advanced Nanomachines. The truth is that they're the tears of a captured monster with the power to revert matter, obtained by forcing it to watch footage of extreme cruelty and making it cry.
The Ghost: Story-wise, besides Garion and also Zena, Luda, and Baral of the Head and the executives of the prior L Corp. before its collapse, very few personnel of any Wing have been formally introduced. The few introduced include three members of the WARP Cleanup Crew from W Corp, the leaders of the Fourth Pack in R Corp, and low-level employees Emma and Noah of J Corp. Even those in management, especially executives and board of directors from any of them, have yet to be introduced, apart from an unnamed U Corp. board member in a single throwaway line. Outside this, many Wings have yet to be properly introduced. This is eventually averted in Limbus Company, which gives the Wings and their personnel A Day in the Limelight.
Great Offscreen War: The Smoke War, a massive battle between the Wings on two different sides whose main objective was to overthrow the near-universally hated L-Corp., whose smog emissions were only the tip of the iceberg for the amount of grief they caused. Details are given very sparingly on the exact events, but interestingly it’s been implied to mostly have been a net positive conclusion, tremendous loss of life aside.
Inherent in the System: Surprisingly, just because a Wing is horrible to live in doesn't mean all of its leadership are monsters. It's just that the structure of a Wing makes it so you can't treat its ills just by rising to the top and fixing its problems that way. Notably, T Corp's Hubert, who's dissatisfied with his own Wing's suffering, is among the more affable leaders of the Wings, yet his District is so dystopian that colour is a commodity only for the rich and time is a currency that not everyone has 24 hours a day of.
Legalized Evil: There's no regulation preventing Wings from doing almost any scummy or horrific act up in the air, including monstrous human experiments, usage of repulsive singularities or wrecking chaos inside the Nests of other Wings. In fact, the more well-doing Wings are only very good at obfuscating it so an ordinary Nest citizen won't notice or get involved in anything awful.
Loophole Abuse: Taboos usually result in the death sentence of the offender. What it doesn't say it that it has to be their final death — if you have a way to be revived after death without breaking the Head's Taboo of "reviving the body and mind at the same time", then they'll let you go after the revival. After all, you already paid for the Taboo with death. For example, after the Sinners in Limbus Company were killed by a Grade 1 Fixer for breaking a Taboo of K Corp and revived by Dante, the previously-hostile K Corp security lets them pass without incident.
MegaCorp: Combined with One Nation Under Copyright. They are corporations that are so powerful that they are literally the government and law of the City. The only things they don't control to an extent are the Five Fingers who are basically their equal. The Districts they control are the size of countries in their own right compared to the continent-sized City, and each District has its own culture and background.
Nebulous Evil Organisations: There's nobody in the City who does not know about the Wings, and their obsession for wealth pales in front of their obsession for death and weirdness.
Only in It for the Money: A good chunk of lower leveled employees in the series only really care about their job security and benefits, but it’s thoroughly averted with the upper management of a Wing. Although it may appear to be this at first glance due to the hypercapitalistic nature of the City in general, the main objective of a Wing itself is often vague and far removed from common sense and simple profit. Even the Head seems to prefer to enforce their comparatively merciful tax laws just to keep the bare necessities of the City running, but they really pour their effort into enforcing their ideals (Eg. Anyone can commit murder by the hundreds and get away with it vs. instant execution for daring to consider creating sapient AI). A Wing is often driven by an urge for invention, ideals, power or pure sadism, but rarely money.
Only Known by Their Nickname: Most of the Wings are usually denoted by a letter of the alphabet with "Corp." at the end. They do have real names, but not all of them are revealed.
Theme Naming: Their abbreviated names all make up the letters of the alphabet. These letters are often related to the service, product, units or specialty of the Wing they represent, and occasionally hold a double meaning. Note that most of these Wings' full names are still unknown.
A Corp. / Arbiters.
B Corp. / Beholders.
C Corp. / Claws.
G Corp. / Gravity. The previous G Corp. was known for Genetic manipulation.
J Corp. / Presumably Jail, the most practical thing that their Lock Singularity can be used on.
L Corp. / Lobotomy, its meaning made more obvious and insidious given how the Corp. produces its power and keeps its personnel. Also known as Light Corporation due to both it and its predecessor being power companies, and also in reference to the messianic Seed of Light.
N Corp. / Nail, the main product the Wing is known for that induces a variety of odd effects upon impalement, both beneficial and detrimental. They are also known as Nagel und Hammer, German for Nail and Hammer, with their combatants using Nails as their tool of choice for cleansing heretics.
R Corp. / Replication, also used in reference to their Rabbit, Rhino and Reindeer teams.
T Corp. / Time, most famously for their TimeTrack2 Protocol.
W Corp. / Warp. Of course, their Dark Secret is that their Singularity is actually Material Reconstruction, which gives the hollowed out W of their logo even more redundancy.
We Have Reserves: On a corporation-wide level: even should a Wing fall, which has happened several times in the City's history, eventually an upstart corporation will patent a new Singularity with the Head and be uplifted into a new Wing, after which they take control of the previous Wing's Nest and business resumes as usual.
The Head/A Corp.
    In General 
"To know and manipulate all the secrets of the world; that is the privilege of the Head, the Eye and the Claws. It is their right and absolute power."
Also known as the "Head of the World", A Corp. is the 1st Wing, leader of the Wings, and a mysterious corporation that controls all the districts and resides in District 1 which is the center of the City and has the highest security. They hold the City with an iron fist through an unholy combination of greed, human suffering, and outright weirdness. Resistance against the Head is virtually impossible, and those who find out their true identity or plan any resistances against them, more often than not vanish and never return. Their basic functions include patenting singularities and creating/enforcing city-wide laws, but many of their regulations are eccentric at best and maliciously implemented at worst. To top it all off, they charge huge sums of taxes over almost everything.
While A Corp. is directly managed by the Head, the Head has two more Wings that work directly under them: B Corp. (also known as The Eye) and C Corp. (also known as The Claw). To better quash their opposition, the Head possesses a wide array of shock troops that no other entity in the City possesses, such as Arbiters (Directly managed by the Head), Beholders (Managed by B Corp/the Eye), Claws (Managed by C Corp/The Claw), and their own Fixers. These units are considered unparalleled combatants of the City, and even a sole agent dispatched from them would usually spell doom to the offender. Hypocritically, despite the Head having made the laws that banned lethal firearms from being created or used, their troops make liberal use of obviously lethal long-range weapons. Employees from various corporations or associations could also report any signs of misconduct for the Head to deal with, as seen in the case of Michelle and Yujin. They are also responsible for creating Sweepers to unleash on the Backstreets.

At the end of the game, after Roland and Angela forgive each other, the Head deploys Zena, Luda, and Baral in an attempt to finally recover Garion's body, as well as to exile the Library along with the L Corp's Nest from the City, and destroy Angela. While the Head fails to recover Garion's body or destroy Angela, they successfully managed to banish the Library to the Outskirts.

Affably Evil: They go between this and Faux Affably Evil — On one hand these people are perfect displays that just because that they are unambiguously the most dangerous fighters of the City doesn't mean they need to be rude and aggressive for it, and they seldomly attack unless specific taboos are trespassed, but in the other hand they are still Ax-Crazy and won't hesitate to kill or obliterate whole groups if they get the opportunity to intervene.
A.I. Is a Crapshoot: The Head is a firm believer of this for currently ambiguous reasons and being responsible for the creation of a sapient robot is one of the most prominent ways to actually get them to intervene. In fact, you do not even need to create the robot in the first place; if the Eye saw someone is going to make a sapient robot in the future, they will immediately attempt to obliterate the offender without them even knowing exactly why.
Allegorical Character: The Head is essentially an allegory of systemic oppression in and of itself, specifically its toxic maintenance of the status quo and the inability for the common person to rebel against it. Unlike a simple authoritarian regime, the Head doesn't NEED to wave its stick around and minutely control everything in the City - they simply uphold their personal laws and maintain the system, because that's all they need to do to keep the cycle of hurting going.
All Your Powers Combined: The Head seemingly has access to the Singularity of every other Wing, with their agents utilizing weaponized versions of said Singularities. For example, the only known example of a live Claw in action, Baral, uses Serum W, Serum K and Serum R as liquid injections to supplement his already fierce combat prowess, while Arbiters use Singularities F and J outside of their main purpose as what could be mistaken for blasts of magic.
Amazon Brigade: Every known Arbiter (all two of them) is female.
Animal Motifs: Birds of prey, especially eagles. The three Wings forming the Head were each named after the body parts of a large avian predator (In particular, C Corp's other name, "the Claw" refers to an eagle's talons in the Japanese translation), and the Arbiters don black-and-gold uniforms, part of them which is a large feather coat. Birds of prey seldomly spend their time on the ground and constantly soar the skies for prey — they can spot potential prey from high above and instantly swoop down and catch it using their talons with unerring accuracy. This is fitting of the Head's elusiveness and secrecy, while also being able to suddenly deploy out of nowhere to kill any taboo-breakers. The eagle motif also ties to their Allegorical Character in the form of Apocalypse Bird, who just like the Head, was responsible for a self-fulfilling prophecy in its attempts to prevent a catastrophe in its homeground.
Berserk Button: The Head seldom intervenes unless you happen to tick one of their oddly specific taboos, after which they will exterminate you with extreme prejudice. These taboos range from oddly mundane to almost nonsensical, ranging from tax evasion, patent fraud, disobeying gun control and cloning regulations (despite them almost intentionally being easy to work around), and creating sapient A.I., the last of which seems to be top of the list considering they sent multiple Arbiters and Claws after Angela and her creators on two separate occasions, one time before she was even made.
Notably, even other Wings aren't safe from its Taboos outside its district, showing that it stands head and shoulders above all other Wings as their leader.
Stranger still is that the Head outright seems to approve of Loophole Abuse to get around these taboos, which is potentially why some of them seem so oddly easy to bypass. When Garion is dealing with the aftermath of how Jia Mu tricked the Kong family into birthing Cuckoospawn (nonhuman entities, one of the Head's biggest taboos), she doesn't punish Jia Mu because everything she did was very technically within the law, and outright praises her desire to skirt boundaries and game the system as very human, a quality that the Head as a whole admires.
Bookends: An attack from the Head obliterated most of former Lobotomy Corporation and forced its survivors to migrate into the City, setting motion for the Smoke War and Lobotomy Corporation's ascension as a Wing. At the end of Library of Ruina, the Head expunged the remnants of Lobotomy Corporation back to the Outskirts.
Cloudcuckoolander:
While being an obviously dangerous shadow dictator group, their regulations are rife with weirdness and often makes no common sense whatsoever. For example, their Gun Control law prohibits the creation and usage of lethal guns through very specific regulations and is disguised as an "ethics law", but the actual reasoning given behind this is that they think taking a life should be more personal. There is also an oddly specific anti-cloning law that prevents two instances of the same people existing at the same time for 7 days, but measured only in A Corp. standard time. It's possible to get around the laws legally while maintaining effectiveness, such as the Thumb fighting with the gun itself and R Corp. hatching their troops in TT2-enclosed spaces, or avoiding the ban on bullets that can pierce walls by making bullets that shatter the wall and kill through shrapnel. In the flavor texts of Key Pages, characters often mention that they have almost no idea what the Head was thinking when they made these regulations. It's heavily implied both laws' real motive is to regulate the creation of guns and cloning by reducing their availability and ease of access.
Before fighting the Hana Association's section 3, their agents discuss how the Head was doing literally nothing even when the whole Reverberation Ensemble was camped next to the Library waiting to take its light to turn everyone into Distortions while casually slaughtering a bunch of Hana's Section 1 agents and a Color Fixer, and it's implied that said Ensemble wishes to turn their agents into Distortions as well. One might think that they would had been attacked instantly since the Ensemble was plotting a bare-faced rebellion against them, but they obviously didn't care about it. It turns out it's because they really don't, and the only situations where they attack is when someone commits specific types of seemingly trivial offenses (at least when compared to senseless mass slaughter) or when they are explicitly threatened.
Cruel Mercy: Eventually, we learn that the Head's preferred method for dealing with Impurities isn't to kill them, but rather to banish them to the Outskirts beyond the City. While they consider this an act of "mercy", given how inhospitable the Outskirts are and that they kill anything that returns on sight, it's not at all an act of kindness.
The Dreaded: Almost everyone in the City fears these raving lunatics for a very good reason; unless you are as lucky as the former L Corp, if they go after you, you are pretty much dead, because their agents are among the strongest combatants in the City and one alone can destroy a whole corporation or a whole workshop all by themselves without any warning.
Disproportionate Retribution: You can do basically almost anything in the City with no repercussions save for being cut down by Fixers, but the Head's agents are so immensely powerful that you'll actually have a hard time believing that they were usually deployed against people who attempt to create sapient AIs, tax evasion or Singularity patent fraud. They take those very seriously, but for an outsider it's as outlandish as one could imagine.
Elite Army:
According to witnesses, the Head usually sends only a lone agent to deal with potential lawbreakers or resistances. However, the troops they deploy are usually so powerful, that one alone can instantly destroy entire corporations and deal with multiple apocalyptic Eldritch Abominations. As Roland and Angela find out, this rumor is completely founded. Just three of them prove to be a Hopeless Boss Fight for a heavily weakened Library.
Case in point: Binah, AKA Garion, not only obliterated the entirety of the old H Corp. Is thatby her lonesome, but is canonically considered weakened and 'degraded' after coming back to life in the Library - her unique Page is still one of the strongest in the game, obtained at the second-to-last chapter of the game, and is one of only three exclusive custom pages for Librarians, the other two being Color Fixers.
Expendable Clone: Enforced through one of A Corp's Taboos. Cloning in itself is not a taboo, but the taboo prevents two instances of the same people existing at the same time for 7 days, but measured only in A Corp. standard time. That means within 7 days, you have to get rid of your clones, or a Claw will get rid of all of you.
Fantastic Racism: Zig-zagged. The Head hates clones and machines that act like humans, but in both cases it's shown as less any sort of prejudice and more of an oddly specific button.
Felony Misdemeanor: You can literally slaughter entire nests and turn people into monsters, but as soon as they know you're manufacturing androids, not paying taxes, or trying to commit patent fraud, among others, you'll die instantly.
Godzilla Threshold: While a Claw is usually enough to take out violators of a taboo, for particularly dangerous offenses where resistance is expected, an Arbiter is usually summoned with an entourage of Claws to clean up the place.
Greater-Scope Villain: While it's unclear what their ulterior motives are, they are the true cause of the City's cycle of suffering and upkeeps it through a combination of greed, raw Ax-Crazy and unpredictability. Near the end of the game, Angela identifies them as such, intending to rebuild the Library to specifically take them down.
Hopeless Boss Fight: It's actually impossible to kill Zena and Baral. They have hidden HP bars which are still in the realistic takedown range (550HP for each unit), but you cannot drop their HP below 1. All you can do is survive their onslaught long enough for them to be impressed enough to spare you.
Intimidating Revenue Service: As A Corp. handles all patents and the economy of the City in general, they also collect taxes from the City; nobody, including Syndicates are able to escape this. If you do not pay up after 3 warnings, they will send a Claw to kill you instantly.
Invincible Villain: So far in the franchise, no force has been able to even come close to challenging the Head, thanks to their seemingly inexhaustible resources, the ability to use the power of every single Singularity that has ever existed in the City that enhance their agents to an extent of making Color Fixers look like chumps and the Beholders who are aware of any even remotely serious threat at any time. The only group that posed anything more than an annoyance to them is the research team led by Carmen and/or Ayin, and it's considered an impressive feat when they managed to survive an assault from them and get away without being full-on decimated. There's a reason why in the City's history, while Wings have come and gone, the Head, Eye and Claw remained exactly where they always were.
To hammer the point, in Angela's bad ending she releases all of the Abnormalities in the Library into the City, which includes terrifying abominations such as WhiteNight and the Mountain of Smiling Bodies, and while she causes chaos and mayhem on the southern part of the City for over a decade, the Head is seemingly unbothered and seems to find it an annoyance at best, not even considering her an Impurity like before - the one who eventually kills Angela in this ending is not an Arbiter or a Claw, but a normal Fixer... or what we thought was a normal fixer until Canto 7 of Limbus Company. In Canto 7, we are introduced to a character who looks remarkably similar to the fixer who kills Angela. Her name is Bari, and she is a fixer with the title of "Knight of the White Moon". She's an implied colour fixer who managed to fight the original Don Quixote, A FIRST KINDRED Bloodfiend to a stalemate. This means that it still took a being of immense skill and power to kill Angela, all those years later.
Kaizo Trap: In the 30th of April Update, the Head's agents can actually kill you as a post-credits encounter, but the "win condition" is still the same as before.
Magic from Technology: As enforcers of the ones who control the flow of Singularities, Arbiters are somehow innately enhanced with said technologies to the point of turning them essentially into sorcerers. Arbiters go into combat with no weapons, but they're still able to blast foes with Fairies, generate pillars and throw them telekinetically, cause chains to erupt from the ground, cause massive shockwaves and more.
MegaCorp/One Nation Under Copyright: It and the rest of the Wings are corporations so powerful that they are literally the governing body themselves. The only thing they don't control to an extent is the Five Fingers who are their equal (and even they have to tiptoe around the Head).
Nebulous Evil Organisation: The Head has its regulations and control spread all over the City, and the higher-ups of other Wings, Associations, and Syndicates follow their guidelines under the fear of being killed right on spot. Even the entities that they bear little control of have to follow the basic guidelines such as their gun regulations.
Offstage Villainy: Characters in-game constantly state how dangerous and volatile the Head is, but very little of that is visible or documented anywhere in Library of Ruina. The most we had heard from them that wasn't an attack directed against Lobotomy Corporation or the Library is a Claw killing Mika's father over a fraud.
One World Order: As the City seems to be the last bastion of civilization in this world and the Head rules the City, they can be considered the rulers of all of humanity. That being said, they're significantly more hands-off than other examples of this trope, and their subsidiary Wings are even free to war with one another with no interventions from the Head.
Self-Fulfilling Prophecy: It turns out the Head attacked Outskirts L Corp more than a decade ago because they foresaw multiple Wings responsible for the creation of Angela. Unfortunately, that raid resulted in the exact conditions where Ayin could create Angela within the City, effectively creating the monster they attempt to preemptively prevent the creation of.
Shadow Dictator: Most people know the Head's existence, but barely anyone knows what and who they actually are, their mindset, or the District 1 that they directly govern. In fact, not even the Seven Association knows anything about them despite they having for almost anything else. Those who knew their identity or saw their agents personally never lived to tell the tale. It's quite telling when the only named agent from them prior to Library Of Ruina is the Arbiter Garion, who was involved (and met her end in) the failed L Corp. raid.
Skewed Priorities:
Reckless endangerment/loss of human life? Human experimentation? Creating monsters? Avenging one of their own? These apparently pale in comparison to a singular crime of L Corp. that they saw would commit in the near future that drove the Head to move against them: the creation of Angela, since A.I.s built to emulate humans are taboo. This, of all things, is what the Head labels unforgivable instead of the gigantic laundry list of atrocities Ayin committed and set the events of Ruina and its prequel in motion. It's explicitly demonstrated in the game that the Head remained completely still when the Reverb Ensemble was stationing in L Corp's nest wrecking mass chaos and waiting to turn their personnel into Distortions, and they would've even let Angela get away with her plan had she stayed human at the end of the game, but Angela choosing to go back to being an AI put her back at the top of their hitlist. However, according to a Project Moon Q&A from 4/16/2021, Zena's speech left out some important details about their motives, namely that the "design" which led to Angela's creation involved multiple Wings and other prominent City organizations, the implication being that their collaboration was interpreted as a conspiracy against the Head on top of its goal of creating a sentient robot.
Even barring blatant violations of the AI Ethics Amendment such as Angela, copyright violations (such as the unauthorized creation of weapons out of patented Singularities), tax evasion and several other seemingly subsidiary offenses (at least when compared to uncontrolled manslaughter) are all grounds for the Head to deploy a Claw/Executioner or an Arbiter to pay a not-so-friendly visit to the offender's Workshop or Wing. At the very least these make some sort of sense: as the primary rulers of the City and the ones who hand out Patents, violations of those rules are a challenge to their authority. Although that doesn't explain how people and groups that directly want to challenge the Head are left free to do as they please, such as Argalia and Dias.
Limbus Company also reveals they have a severe Taboo against technology that can bring people back from the dead - but specifically only if it revives the person's body AND mind at the same time, which means that an army of animated corpses is A-OK for the Head, but true revival isn't. There are loopholes to this rule too: as long as your brain is intact you can have it be placed inside a clone of yourself (which is actually a form of Fixer insurance), and H Corp's life insurance works around this by being a form of imperfect brain resuscitation prior to brain death, meaning the death never really happened at all. Notably, Dante's rewind-revives don't seem to count as a taboo due to it seemingly reversing the time of the body and making it so the death never happened in the first place. The Taboo seems to mostly exist so that Wings won't try to patent Singularities meant to revive the dead, rather than anything else.
The Spook: Everyone knows the Head exists, but save for Garion we don't see any other known personnel from them until the very end of Library of Ruina, where a second Arbiter named Zena is personally met (by the same entities that the first one intended to remove). Encounters with them were also rarely documented out of attempts to dispose of Lobotomy Corporation (or its remnants), and the identities of their higher-ups are completely unknown to the general populace. It's justified, considering most people who met an Arbiter most likely ended up dead.
Sword and Sorcerer: Arbiters and Claws are designed to work best when fighting together. An Arbiter controls the battlefield while Claws work as a counter against powerful duelists.
Thoughtcrime: Sometimes they extend their draconian laws and Taboos to even holding the incriminating subjects within the mind.
One of the gun control laws prohibits not just researching, but also imagining law-infringing firearms, as elaborated upon in Tamaki's Key Page Story.
Jia Mu exploits this in Canto VIII Part 2, by making the recipe to create the Cuckoospawn be read out to the Kong Family to mark them for death by the Head if any of them survive the initial onslaught, while she takes Loophole Abuse and remains unharmed by the Head as she herself doesn't know the full composition of the recipe.
What Measure Is a Non-Human?: In general, the Head absolutely hates anything nonhuman, to the point that they will send Arbiters in order to deal with the nonhuman threat and anyone who knows how to create them, whether mechanical or biological.
Notably for a Taboo, it's actually surprisingly lenient, as long as you were born a human, you won't break it even if you transform into an Abnormality or a Distortion. It also allows for nonhumans who have permanently transformed into humans, like Angela during her bad ending. In fact, much of the Head's modus operandi as a whole is to preserve and elevate the concept of "humanity", as twisted as it is in their perspective.
That being said, that doesn't mean anything born ''from'' humans is exempt, as the Kong Family found out when the Bolus Jia Mu gave to Kong Sihui for her newborn son resulted in a Cuckoospawn bursting out of her womb and spread throughout the entire area. While the researcher from H Corp who looked at the full recipe and is heavily implied to have reported it to the Head got killed for it, Jia Mu, the true mastermind, got away with it as she didn't know the full recipe due to masterful planning, a feat Garion compliments her for.
Known Employees
    Garion 
A woman who was one of the Head's Arbiters. She nearly managed to obliterate the Outskirts laboratory that would later become L Corp. by coercing Daniel to unleash all the Abnormalities they were housing, only to be mortally wounded by Kali and offed by A. She now lives as the Sephirah Binah and has been decommissioned by the Head.
See here for more information about Garion's first and second life.

See here for Garion's third life.

    Zena (Unmarked Spoilers) 
Zena
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/zena.png
Voiced by: Gabin
A woman who serves as one of the Head's Arbiters. She was tasked with retrieving Garion's body from the Library alongside the elimination of Angela and overseeing the expulsion of the former L Corp's Nest in addition to the Library. She, along with Baral, battles against Roland, and eventually Gebura and Binah as well in an attempt to kill Angela and retrieve Garion's corpse before the Library is banished. While Zena and Baral easily gain the upper hand against the trio, they are forced to retreat as Luda had finalized the banishment procedures for L Corp's Nest.
Affably Evil: This is a bona fide Arbiter who means serious business, but she still has time for friendly banter and instead of killing every Librarian right away (which is what you expect in such a situation) all she does is to eject the Library and the whole L Corp. Nest right into the Outskirts.
Ambiguously Related: She's eerily similar to Binah/Garion, right down to having the same occupation, general personality, and even hair color, but it's ultimately unclear if all Arbiters are like this or if she and Garion are actually related somehow since these are the only two Arbiters shown on-screen.
Blood Knight: Zena expresses joy when she finds that despite being heavily weakened, Roland, Gebura, and Binah all still manage to put up a good fight and withstand her assaults, implying that, similarly to Garion, Zena relishes fighting powerful foes.
Caught Monologuing: Happens to her twice despite having a screentime of only a few minutes. First, it happens when she confronts Roland and Angela, as Zena outlines exactly what the Head's goals are in deploying agents to the Library, she starts going on a long monologue, giving Angela the opportunity to teleport away and begin one last reception for the Head to stall for time. The second time it happens, she is mocking both Gebura and Roland about their inability to defeat herself and Baral, giving Binah the opportunity to intervene. Discussed by both Angela and Binah.
Angela (Moments before retreating): "You sure are verbose company, just like Binah."note 
Binah (Right after saving Gebura and Roland): "It is indeed true that verbosity leaves you vulnerable."
Dark Is Evil: She wears the standard Arbiter uniform (the same one Garion/Binah wears back in L Corp) and is easily one of the City's most dangerous entities.
Early-Bird Cameo: She, Baral, and Luda are heard speaking during the Star of the City chapter introduction story, but unnamed and unseen. However, that cutscene had already appeared all the way back in Project Moon's reveal trailer for the game, with her name having been revealed by the English subtitles (albeit as "Jenna.")
Evil Counterpart: She's basically Binah back during her time as Garion, right down to having the same hair color and Psychotic Smirk. She's also just as verbose as Binah, as noted by Angela.
High-Tech Hexagons: Just like Lobotomy Corporation's Binah, Zena's coat has yellow lines that form into hexagon patterns. It's implied that this is actually a part of the standard Arbiter uniform.
No-Sell: The majority of Zena's pages ignore Power gain or loss on both themselves and the pages clashing with them. On top of that, a special property of her ranged attacks simply erases opposing dice at no risk to herself.
Pint-Sized Powerhouse: She's only 164 cm tall (a centimeter taller than Malkuth), but as an Arbiter, is unambiguously one of the deadliest denizens of the City.
Post-Final Boss: She and Baral serve as the last opponents of the game's Golden Ending, after the player has bested the Reverb Ensemble Distorted.
Psychotic Smirk: Just like her former colleague Binah, Zena gives one whenever she is damaged.
Swiss-Army Superpower: Unlike Binah’s more varied toolset, four out of five of Zena’s attacks are simply different applications of her mysterious “Line” Singularity.
Sword and Sorcerer: The Sorcerer. Compared to Baral, Zena’s cards sacrifice raw power in exchange for some versatility in the form of ranged attacks and crowd control while debuffing opponents.
Trash the Set: In the penultimate turn of the Head encounter, she will unleash an attack named "Shockwave", which instantly blows a crater in the Floor of General Works after she uses it.
The Eye/B Corp.
    In General 
Also known as the "Eyes of the World", is one of the two Wings directly affiliated with the Head. They appear to create regulations for fellow Wings, and manages their qualifications and shutdowns. They are also responsible for collecting taxes and ensuring everyone that lives in the City has to pay them, regardless of where or who they are. Their employees are called Beholders.
Big Brother Is Watching: The Eye is nearly omnipotent and could seemingly spy on almost anywhere, including inside buildings without being physically present. Any misconduct considered capital offenses by the Head detected by them will be used to signal Arbiters and Claws to take out the offender(s).
Clairvoyance: Implied to be the reason why they were rattled enough to outright alert the Claw and Head into directly attacking L Corp's Outskirts laboratory with heavy arms in the first place. Carmen's research team doesn't know about it at that time, but the Eye already saw Angela wrecking havoc against the City a decade away and thus alerted the Claw and Head to obliterate the lab to prevent it from happening. However, this is debatable; according to a Project Moon Q&A, multiple Wings and other organizations were involved in making Angela, the implication being that the Head saw their actions as a conspiracy from the get-go and took action accordingly. It's also Deconstructed, since what they did doesn't even prevent the machine they feared so much from manifesting, and in fact justified Ayin and Benjamin into creating Angela.
Mass Teleportation: It is revealed at the end of the game in the Golden Ending that Beholders are able to banish Impurities of the City by teleporting them into the Outskirts. Luda demonstrates this, banishing the Library, along with the entire L Corp. Nest, into the Outskirts.
The Spook: Just like the Arbiters and Claws, the Beholders are something that very few people even see. Unlike Arbiters and Claws whose activities are actually documented (albeit few live to see and tell the tale), nobody has actually saw a Beholder in action. Furthering their enigmatic nature, they were merely known as "Eyes of the World" before the word "Beholder" was used by Roland to refer to the actual entity the Wing uses in a post-reception chat. It was only in the post-final Head Raid where we get to see one personally. And even then, the features of that Beholder are heavily distorted, making their appearance difficult to ascertain.
Known Employees
    Luda (Unmarked Spoilers) 
Luda
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/luda_4.png
Voiced by: Lee Myeong-ho
One of the Head's Beholders. She is the one responsible for banishing L Corp, along with the Library from the City.
Early-Bird Cameo: She, Zena, and Baral are heard speaking during the Star of the City chapter intro cutscene, but unnamed and unseen. However, that cutscene had already appeared all the way back in Project Moon's reveal trailer for the game, with her name having been revealed by the English subtitles.
Hologram: Luda resembles a white, ghastly and featureless hologram. That being said, while her voice has a notable robotic filter in her encounter with Roland and Angela, her voice in the Star of the City intro cutscene sounds far more human, implying that her appearance at the Library might be due to being an actual hologram.
The Unfought: She doesn't participate in the actual battle against the Library, as she is busy finalizing the procedure for the Library's banishment.
The Claw/C Corp.
    In General 
Also known as the Claw, they are one of the two Wings directly affiliated with the Head. They are responsible for maintaining the shock troops named Claws, deployed to kill individuals guilty of various offenses instead of Wings. Executioners were used to refer to high rank Claws, and are signified by an extra trenchcoat. Just like the Arbiters directly from the Head, these agents spell certain doom for the offender. They might also accompany Arbiters against foes that could actually threaten them.
Ascended Extra: The Claw only appears as Ordeals in Lobotomy Corporation, and the Post-Final Boss confrontation against the Head is the first time we saw a real one in action. Needless to say, he is not fit for a heavily fatigued Library to deal with.
The Brute: Arbiters and Beholders both seem to have non-combatant roles, but Claws appear to serve a purely military function among the Head's forces. Generally, if The Head needs an enforcer or assassin, then C Corp. is the one to deal with it.
The Dreaded: The Claw is a reviled existence amongst the City, and for a good reason; if you have one going after you, then you are almost always going to be dead.
Elite Army: The Head usually doesn't dispatch more than a Claw to deal with any offenders. If they deploy more than that, it is a dead giveaway that something very fishy is going on. Granted, because most of the time, a lone Claw is all that is enough to take out almost any offending entity.
The Executioner: The Claw agents act as such for the Head, and high ranking agents are explicitly named the same as the trope.
The Heavy: Out of the Head agent types that will kill you, you are most likely going to run into these instead of an Arbiter. Not that it's not enough to kill you anyways.
Just Ignore It: Despite them being part of the most deadly force within the City, you can easily avoid dealing with them by simply behaving along the rules. As long as you don't do anything that's worthy of incurring their wrath, one can basically avoid dealing with them at all.
The Spook: Just like other entities that consist of the Head, everyone knew the Claw exists and there are at least four known Claws, but only one of them is even named and that is a high rank Executioner unit. We don't even know that they have high ranking units until the epilogue of Library of Ruina. If the Claw Ordeals seen in Lobotomy Corporation were anything to go by, then it's also implied that all of them look nearly identical.
Surprisingly Sudden Death: What the Claw inflicts on you if you violate a taboo of the Head, thanks to their teleportation abilities. One moment you could be talking to someone, the next moment you're split in half because you violated a taboo unknowingly.
Known Employees
    Baral (Unmarked Spoilers) 
Baral
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/baral.png
Voiced by: Choi Hyeonsu
One of the Executioners of the Head, he is a high-ranking Claw from C Corp who accompanies Luda and Zena when the Head raids the Library in an attempt to kill Angela and recover Garion's body. He aids Zena in her battle against Roland, Gebura, and Binah. Baral is forced to retreat, however, as Luda had finished her preparations for the Library's banishment.
Badass Longcoat: Unlike the Claw Ordeals, he wears a longcoat with his suit under it, and as a Claw he's easily one of the City's most dangerous entities. It's implied that the longcoat is because he is higher in ranking than a standard Claw agent.
The Blank: Not only his head is wrapped in metallic hunks of wood, he looks exactly like the Claw Ordeals from Lobotomy Corporation (bar wearing his suit within a trenchcoat, most likely due to being a higher rank agent).
Call-Back: All of his "Injection" attacks are based on the attacks that the White Midnight Ordeal uses back in Lobotomy Corporation, including warping between floors, healing, charging a straight line, and a cocktail of the three serums.
Early-Bird Cameo: He, Zena, and Luda are heard speaking during the Star of the City chapter intro cutscene, but unnamed and unseen. However, that scene had already appeared all the way back in Project Moon's reveal trailer for the game, with his name having been revealed by the English subtitles (albeit as "Bharal.")
No-Sell: Baral gains an effect at the start of battle that allows him to negate all damage from a single attack with a dice value of 30 or greater. This includes Roland's "Furioso" along with Gebura's "Great Split - Horizontal" and "Great Split - Vertical," and a special animation plays when he negates the latter.
Many of Baral’s pages have dice that cannot be destroyed, which completely shuts down the dice destruction effect of Roland's "Wheels Industry" and "Furioso", as well as Gebura's "Great Split- Vertical". In addition, almost all of his melee pages immediately deal damage when winning clashes against ranged dice instead of recycling like normal. This prevents Binah’s “Pillar” from properly neutralizing his “Serum W.”
Post-Final Boss: Him and Zena serve as the last opponents of the game's Golden Ending, after the player has bested the Reverb Ensemble Distorted.
The Quiet One: He speaks very little, especially compared to Zena and Luda. His few lines consist of him threatening Roland from acting and acknowledging Zena’s orders.
Sword and Sorcerer: The Sword. Compared to Zena, Baral’s cards roll higher for the same amount of Light and provide an extremely powerful healing ability at the cost of having no mass attacks.
Weaponized Teleportation: Baral's "Serum W" attack has him grab his target and smash them through a rip in space, dragging them through every floor of the Library.
He also uses smaller doses to close the distance between himself and his enemies during standard melee attacks, allowing him to immediately deal damage after winning clashes against ranged pages.
F Corp.
    In General 
A Wing that uses a Singularity called Fairies. The Fairies can unlock anything, physically or conceptually.
Swiss-Army Superpower: The Fairies are incredibly versatile: They can open any door regardless of how it was locked, they can be used to extract secrets from a person's mind, and they can even be used as a weapon to cut open enemies, as demonstrated by Binah.
G Corp.
    In General 
A Wing that specializes in controlling gravity via their Singularity.
Gravity Master: Their Singularity takes the form of spheres which can be used to manipulate gravity, which can then be used for weaponry such as a pair of gauntlets used by Ezra in The Distortion Detective.
Former G Corp.
The former iteration of G Corp. who participated in the Smoke War, and fell apart at the war's conclusion. Their main specialty was genetic alteration on the human body, with their main fighting force being human-insect hybrids created to fight in the frontlines of the war. Little is known about its exact Singularity, culture or goals.
Attack of the 50-Foot Whatever: In Gregor's flashback in Chapter 1 of Limbus, one of the insectoid beasts is a lanky and towering insect that nominally looks humanoid overlooking a skyscraper. How accurate this actually is is up for debate, especially since the sheer destructive scale of the thing would likely raise some eyebrows from the Head's weapon and property damage laws, but the implication that G Corp. had freakishly large units in their ground armies is still present.
Body Horror: Their soldiers have this in spades thanks to being spliced with monstrous insects, sometimes being as simple as a sharp appendage replacing one limb, all the way to outright becoming a bipedal insect. An uncomfortable middle ground is the most common however, where people have most of their limbs converted into insect parts and have useless wings hanging off their back, or roach mandibles and carapaces jutting out of their face.
Child Soldiers: They’re not above using teenagers for frontline combat, with Gregor noted to be at least 15 years old, possibly younger, when he was first spliced by researchers and trained for combat. His brothers in arms, particularly the young man who adores him as a hero, look no older than teens themselves.
Hate Sink: With how monstrous this Wing was, you'll be glad that it's gone and was replaced by Gravity Corporation. It's also heavily implied that they were on the equally monstrous and repulsive former L Corp's side in the Smoke War.
Mad Scientist: It speaks volumes when the chief employees splice people with insect genes and turn them into monsters. Thankfully, this Wing is gone, but the jobless scientists have to move to somewhere to put their brilliance to use.
Shell-Shocked Veteran: The infantry left behind after the Wing fell had both their hideous mutations and the stigma of formerly working for a defunct corporation acting against them, and combined with the horrors of war they went through, they were left no better than crazy and desperate Rats of the Backstreets. A group of these veterans act as the Starter Villain of Limbus Company, swarming around and within a defunct L-Corp. power plant to get in the Sinners' way.
Unreliable Narrator: The majority of information about them comes from Gregor's memories of his time in G Corp's. labs and from fighting its war, with the Golden Bough resonating with him to create an embellished and particularly hellish recreation of his memories. Thus, much of what Gregor says is based in truth, but may not be entirely accurate to the real deal.
Zerg Rush: Their main fighting style seems to have revolved around all-out attacks using their spliced soldiers, who rush through enemy lines by the hundreds like a tide.
H Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/h_corp_logo.pngHongyuanFormally known as Hongyuan Bioengineering Group, they are a Wing who focuses, as their name implies, on bioengineering, providing medicinal "boluses" which can cure and evolve their patients at the cost of various side-effects. It is the home of Hong Lu and the Jia family in Limbus Company.
Bio-Augmentation: They are outwardly a bioengineering group, who provide medicinal boluses which can cure all manner of conditions and have outright transformative effects, at the cost of causing hideous mutations if overused or misused. Many of their backstreets residents are visibly malformed because of overuse of the surgeries (since they don't account for any side effects or cross-compatability issues), and walk around the city in a daze.
Body Horror: The natural result of any more severe mutations induced by the boluses, intentional or otherwise. Hongyuan's Forsaken, essentially test subjects for bolus experimentation, have it the worst, being essentially twisted amalgamations of body parts and plant life in perpetual pain.
City in a Bottle: Almost the entirety of H Corp. is a giant closed-off cube and the titular Hongyuan (lit. "vast garden"). The wealthier someone is the closer to the center they get to be, and the wealthiest are among a lavish garden in the very center, called the Daguanyuan (lit. "grand view garden"). All the buildings are packed together, and the architecture periodically shifts and restructures itself seemingly at random.
A Day in the Limelight: Canto VIII focuses on the Hierarch Evaluation in Hongyuan, with its lore and Singularity being explained, and expands on the destruction of the previous H Corp leadership by Garion.
Evil Power Vacuum: Canto VIII reveals that during the brief transition period when a new Hierarch is to ascend the throne, all of the Heishou Packs that normally protect Hongyuan are fully neutral and on standby, leaving it up to the Hierarch-to-be's faction to protect them until they can formally claim the title and retake control. This makes it a good time for any prospective Wings, Syndicates, and other factions to try and seize the throne by force or implant their own proxy ruler, possibly starting a full-on War of the Wings. This exact situation ends up unfolding in Canto VIII, with factions like K Corp, N Corp, R Corp, X Corp, the Thumb, and more preparing to stage a hostile takeover in the aftermath of the Hierarch Evaluation, plus a rebellion of the Shi and Xue families backed by a Jia executive of Q Corp, and to make matters worse, Xichun's faction has been decimated so thoroughly that they lack the means to protect her until she can ascend the throne properly.
Fantasy Counterpart Culture: H Corp. as a whole is heavily inspired by Chinese culture, with its general aesthetic bringing to mind Chinese street markets and slums, as well as architecture distinctly resembling imperial Chinese palaces and courts in the wealthy regions. All H Corp. natives and terms seen so far have distinctly Chinese names and/or are based on Chinese historical figures or concepts. The Wing's nature as a self-contained city within a single supermassive building in particular brings to mind the Kowloon Walled City, which is credited as one of the major inspirations for dystopian slum settings in present-day fiction as a whole.
Magic Potion: What Hongyuan's bolus solutions effectively function as, being fantastical combinations of various ingredients that can achieve transformational effects that, for all intents and purposes, are outright logic-defying magic. The "magic" part is further exaggerated by how finicky the process of making the bolus is, with the processes often being so sensitive to time, season, location, methodology, and any other number of miniscule variables that the exact same recipe can produce two completely different results if performed ever so slightly differently.
Mundane Utility: They have "life insurance" for their wealthiest clients, which means literally bringing killed clients back from the dead. They skirt past the taboos from the Head around resurrection by only reversing brain death, leaving the subject still partially brain-damaged and decomposed outside of the highest-grade packages. However, these are ineffective if the brain is outright destroyed.
Sketchy Successor:
The Wing was previously owned by the Kong Family, who passed it on to Jia Mu after she made her claim without incident. Jia Mu proceeded to orchestrate events that would result in the massacre of the Kong Family; under her rule, there's no social mobility to speak of.
Happens again, but in a more positive light when Jia Xichun is eventually appointed as the new Family Hierarch following Canto VIII, with the "sketchy" part now referring to her relative inexperience instead of morality, as Xichun is more compassionate and willing to help the citizens of Hongyuan.
Weird Currency: The Wing uses space as a means to measure the wealth of an individual, measured using the scale of "rooms". The Wing periodically undergoes "Restructuring Day" where the buildings physically move around and rebuild themselves to redistribute space according to the citizens' wealth.
Former H Corp.
A Wing that was obliterated by the Head a long time ago because of an unknown offense. The Arbiter tasked to obliterate it was Garion, the same one responsible for the failed raid on the Seed of Light Project research team.
Limbus Company reveals that it was formerly owned by the now-defunct Kong family, of which Jia Qiu is the last survivor. It also shows the reason why the Head wiped them out; through the manipulations of Jia Mu, the Kong family created inhuman Outskirts entities (a major taboo of the Head) that slaughtered them all and marked the remainder for eradication, after which Garion and her forces were sent as cleanup.

Retcon: Lobotomy Corporation implies that H Corp was destroyed by Garion and her Claws. Limbus Company reveals that not only were they actually sent as clean-up to destroy the actual culprits, the Cuckoospawn, by that time H Corp had already been transferred over to Jia Mu, who instigated the entire incident out of spite for the old H Corp leadership.
    The Heishou Pack 
An organization that works from the Backstreets of District 8, they are a mysterious cabal of shadowy mercenaries that are contractually bound to the lords of H. Corp. There are 12 branches, each corresponding to one animal in the Chinese Zodiac. They show absolute fealty to their lords, but to the position rather than the individual; they will switch allegiance on a dime should their "leash" be handed to a new master.
In general
Arbitrary Headcount Limit: Invoked; Heishou Packs have their populations closely monitored and controlled, with creation of new Heishou being a highly regulated process only accessible to the highest authorities of the branch. This is why it's said to be difficult to expand their numbers, and even harder for any master to to recoup their losses should their Heishou Pack be crippled.
Bio-Augmentation: Each of them has undergone procedures using H Corp's Boluses to mutate parts of their bodies to resemble the animals they represent, greatly increasing their lethality and unpredictability in combat. In truth, the Boluses used to produce them use secret recipes only known by the Xianren of each branch, and are kept under wraps because they actually contain elements of inhumans from the Outskirts.
Eastern Zodiac: What they're based off of, with each pack corresponding to one animal in the zodiac.
Elite Mooks: The Heishous are incredibly powerful and are usually the cream of the crop of any faction that happens to be lucky enough to wield them. It's to the point where a faction somehow losing its Heishou Pack is often synonymous with its rapidly impending annihilation.
Signature Headgear: All of the Heishou Branches seen so far wear wide-rimmed bamboo hats.
Undying Loyalty: An interesting example where each Heishou branch is absolutely loyal to the master who "holds their leash", even if they make foolish or outright contradictory decisions, but their loyalty is to the leash and not the holder, as their allegiance can be freely traded between masters or even lost, upon which they can be ordered to fight their old faction in a heartbeat. It's implied that there may even be a part of the Heishou creation process that outright erases their memories of their past lives every time they switch masters. Some exposition suggests that the Heishou of each branch also answer to an even higher power, namely the Xianren of the branch responsible for their creation and management.
This is exploited by Jia Yuanchun and Lei Heng during their respective coup attempts on Jia Xichun, as Jia Xichun isn't technically the Hierarch until she has properly ascended, despite being the victor of the Hierarch Evaluation. Since Jia Mu has retired by that point, there is no Hierarch, and any Heishou loyal to the Hierarch remains neutral. Since Xichun has very little support due to losing almost all of her men...
Mao Branch
The branch of the Heishou Pack based on the rabbit, on loan to Shi Yihua by Jia Qiu to aid him in eliminating competitors in the Family Hierarchy Examination. Following Shi Yihua's failure, Jia Qiu reclaimed them.
Ambiguous Situation: The Mao Branch have some kind of connection to the R Corp. Rabbit Team, another hare-themed organization under the employ of a Wing. According to [Heishou Pack - Mao Branch] Ryōshū, they share the same origins but otherwise "have grazed on different grass". They even both share the combat gimmick of raising their speed to trigger conditionals based on the speed difference between them and a target.
BFS: Members of the Mao branch wield a flat-tipped blade as long as they are tall.
Double Tap: Their skill Overwhelm boasts an Unbreakable Coin that, if not cracked before landing, can reroll itself up to two more times depending on its user's speed.
Runic Magic: Heishou Pack - Mao Branch swords are enhanced with Q Corp. seals to increase their effectiveness. In-game, this takes the form of the debuff Deathwrit [Haste] which inflicts Rupture Count when attacked by an opponent with 10+ speed. If Deathwrit [Haste] stack reaches zero, the target takes Gluttony damage equal to their Rupture Potency.
Willfully Weak: Each Heishou Striker in-game is level 60, well above what the Sinners are capable of at the time. However, as they were ordered to assassinate the targets and not engage them in direct combat, they have a Repressed Bloodthirst effect that weakens their stats and effectively lowers them to level 50, more in-line with what the Sinners have been facing so far.
Si Branch
The branch of the Heishou Pack based on the serpent.
I Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/i_corp_logo_6.pngA Wing which was one of the major factions involved in the Smoke War. It hired the entire Zwei Association to try and secure territory within the former L Corp's district.
J Corp.
    In General 
A Wing whose Singularity allows them to lock anything, physically or conceptually. Emma and Noah were former employees in J Corp's Nest.
Big Brother Is Watching: Their Nest has many surveillance cameras which look for anybody cheating in the gambling games that take place in J Corp's nest.
The Casino: J Corp's Nest is known as the Nest of gambling as games of chance dominate its culture.
Day in the Limelight: Chapter 2 of Limbus has the team travel to a J Corp. casino where the ruins of an old Lobotomy Corp. branch is waiting, with the casino security forming a third of the enemy units encountered within, and the chapter goes over the secondary power of Nest J: wishpower, which is confidence and luck condensed into disposable dust and stickers that increase their users luck and fortune.
Obvious Rule Patch: Wishpower is explicably forbidden to be used in casinos, thanks to it allowing anyone who gathered enough of it to basically con the business or other players out of tons of money in luck based games.
Slavery Is a Special Kind of Evil: Debt slavery is an absurdly common form of punishment the Wing can inflict anyone with, including their own casino patrons who over-gamble. Canto 2 of Limbus shows that entire teams of emaciated and decrepit miners are hidden underneath the casino they once played at, forced to excavate the ruins of an L Corp branch far away from public eye and their families for who knows how long, with the debt slaves also being required to fight by their captors side in case of attack and are implied to regularly fall victim to the various Abnormalities that the branch releases (Shredded by Peccatulum, forcibly augmented by Have You Become Strong?, possessed by Baba Yaga, etc.).
Skeleton Key: Inverted; J Corp's Singularity allows them to lock anything, from locking a box to sealing an area to even preventing a person's body from being dissected.
Winds of Destiny, Change!: Wishpower, the other main power associated with Nest J besides J Corp's Singularity, is essentially this. Confidence and luck can be extracted from people as it's generated to produce dust and stick-on tattoos that can up the odds of their users achieving great fortune, whether in daily life or scoring a money jackpot.
Known employees
    Emma and Noah 
Minor employees of J Corp. who were responsible for monitoring the cameras in their casinos. They stumbled into Oswald and his 8 O' Clock Circus and volunteered to become a puppeteer monstrosity before being thrown into the Library.
For more about Emma and Noah, see here.

K Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/kcorplogo_2.pngK-CORPA Wing that specializes on powerful medicine that can heal almost any wound. They are one of the Wings responsible for unwittingly assisting Ayin's Seed of Light by supplying L Corp. with their healing bullets, so they can recover themselves from injuries caused by rampaging Abnormalities. It is also the birthplace of Giovanni, who would later be known as Netzach.
All Myths Are True: A storybook found in the lobby of K Corp's lab depicts a fairy tale where a child names the stars and constellations, and the stars return the favor when the grown-up child falls ill, bathing the world in a rain of tears that restores everyone to full health. It's initially made out to be an embellished allegory for K Corp's healing serum, but it turns out that the base component for it is literal tears, albeit from an Abnormality or similar entity rather than a constellation.
Berserk Button: There's a set of Taboos that are grounds to instant execution when breached, but one of them is known as K185 a.k.a. smashing the glass of their buildings.
Cyber Green: Their architecture is colored in green and their employees wear green and white, with a cybernetic flair. They're also heavy on nanomachine and robotic development. The man later known as Netzach also lives in their Nest and has the primary color of green.
A Day in the Limelight: Canto IV is set in the main building of K-CORP, which gets attacked by the Technology Liberation Alliance, and the Singularity of K-CORP is finally explained fully.
Harmful Healing:
Although they're most well-known for their healing ampules, Limbus Company reveals that the solution can also be modified to produce "decay ampules" which melt down the target's body instead of healing them. It's unknown if this actually decays the target, or simply heals them to such an excessive degree that their bodies break down and liquefy.
As it turns out, the true nature of the healing serum is its ability to return living things to their original state. The healing bullets are refined and modified to limit its abilities and make it interpret the original state as a healthy human body (as that's what the user would think), but it can be modified to forcibly mutate or regress organisms instead by altering the target's perception of what their "original" state is. If the serum is not refined and given a suggestion beforehand, it will instead revert things back into the "purest forms" of themselves, which is unknown but will almost certainly result in instant death for any living being that touches it.
Healing Shiv: Surprisingly, despite their Singularity (a single eye that's forced to watch the City's suffering) being a truly horrific sight to behold, the results that K Corp. healing bullets produce cannot be argued with - they're vital to rescuing favorite employees in Lobotomy Corporation thanks to on-the-spot healing being able to be deployed in the middle of a suppression, and thanks to them the City has infinite food supplies. The only thing holding them back is the limited quantity, so they must be used wisely.
I'll Pretend I Didn't Hear That: Implied. When N Corp's Inquisition is burning a section of Nest K containing a prosthetics plant and slaughtering all the people inside, they meet virtually no resistance bar Limbus Company and the two K Corp. agents accompanying them. It's implied that there's a business deal going on with K Corp. and N Corp., and the Inquisition employees are deployed through legit methods, so K Corp. won't or can't stop them out of business interests. Canto IV reveals that this is true: K Corp is allowing the N Corp. Inquisition to butcher their own citizens on their turf, in exchange for them providing lots of footage of human suffering to produce more tears from their captured monster. In fact, Dongrang casually notes that showing the being footage of Kromer's atrocities and traumatizing of Sinclair causes it to cry an unusually large amount.
Irony: K Corp.'s flagship product, a one-size-fits-all medicine, is produced by filming (and, in at least two instances that we are shown where there's apparently some sort of business deal going on, perpetuating) human suffering and showing the footage to a disembodied and incredibly emphatic eye to make it cry and use its tears as a basis. It's not always like this, though — the first manager was a genuinely kind person who would tell the eye touching stories. Unfortunately, she died of old age, and the second (and current) manager, a sociopathic madwoman, industrialized the process by using the more unethical management methods frequently practiced by other Wings.
Loophole Abuse: While K Corp employees can be provided healing ampules injected by deployed robots in combat situations, they'll be denied if they are not sufficiently injured. However, management does not seem to care where those injuries come from, so long as they are sufficient enough. So an injured employee covered in wounds may end up chopping their arm off just so they can get proper healthcare.
Magic Antidote: Their Singularity is to create bullets and medicine that can cure almost any wound, provided that the target's brain is still intact. Their combatants carry a generous supply of this medicine to swiftly recover from their injuries while in the middle of combat, while other users make due with firearms specialized to shoot healing bullets.
Metaphorically True: They're known as one of the more "well-to go" Wings that are way more lenient towards their citizens with a rather safe Nest. Considering that their singulairty is created from recorded suffering, they don't need to directly perpetuate it themselves (and the few times they did, it was part of a business deal).
Mundane Utility: Although they're most famous for their ability to restore any wound instantly, K Corp also uses their healing bullets on livestock to genetically modify and mass-produce meat products.
Nanomachines: What their Singularity supposedly is, nanomachine solutions that work to restore damaged tissue and bodily functions. The truth is a bit more complicated.
Obfuscating Insanity: K Corp is actually just as insane as the other Wings (although only because of the change of management to a much more industrialized, sociopathic manager), it's just very good at hiding it. An ordinary city-goer might not even know or experience their unsavoury aspects first-hand.
Powered by a Forsaken Child: The hidden truth behind their healing serum is that it's comprised of the tears of a captured Abnormality-like entity resembling an enormous one-eyed mass of flesh, which are capable of reverting things back to an "original state" on contact. K Corp used to obtain these by telling the creature touching stories, but a change of management to a much, more ruthless manager has them force its eyelids open with machinery before showing it recorded footage of human suffering to make it cry, before harvesting the tears and refining them into its various serums.
Punch-Clock Villain: The immigration officer in the opening of Chapter 3 of Limbus Company has an utterly bored tone of voice while letting people pass through the checkpoint. Even when the Sinners end up creating a massive disturbance that necessitated a lock-down and security team deployment, he's only visibly taken aback for a few seconds before dryly ordering the interlopers to be killed. Once the Sinners are all killed rather violently, they don’t seem to mind that they’ve been brought back to life again and let them go on their way.
Sickly Green Glow: Ironically for the Wing known mostly for its healing, its Singularity manifests as a glowing, unsettling green liquid. Some of their combat-ready employees, like their Class 3 Staff, are outfitted with Power Armor filled with tubes that continuously pump said liquid. It's implied that on top of it having a healing effect, it also has an empowering, steroid-like effect (or just Phlebotinum Overload) as the Empowered Class 3 Staff are so overflowing with liquid that their armor starts glowing a bright green.
SWAT Team: Their Class 1 and 2 Staff resembles modern day—albeit a little exaggerated—SWAT police wearing riot protection. They wield large batons, high-powered firearms (Noted to be so powerful that Don Quixote was swiftly torn to pieces when she was shot a few times) and riot shields.
Theme Naming: Their emergency response teams are referred to as Thrombo, Leuko, etc., noted by Yi Sang to refer to platelets and white blood cells of the body, vital functions of the body responsible for healing wounds and neutralizing invading organisms - in this case, people who need to be swiftly killed.
You Have Failed Me:
Businesses aligned with K Corp are afforded protections and resources to give the Wing's investment a reasonable chance of success. Failure to meet K Corp's quotas will, at best, cause them to shut down the subsidiary and liquidate its assets to recoup costs. At worst, they will take the inability to deliver as a personal insult worthy of lethal reprisal.
K Corp healing drones are programmed to shoot anyone that tries to desert an engagement with decay ampules, swiftly killing them for the sake of "maintaining morale" and discouraging deserters. This ends up working against them when the Technology Liberation Alliance hijacks their drones, forcing K Corp's security to fight against the sinners on threat of being injected with decay ampules.
You Have Outlived Your Usefulness: K Corp is completely willing to sell out entire towns to other Wings in exchange for footage of human suffering to produce tears for their ampules, as Canto IV revealed that N Corp's massacre on Calw wasn't just a random attack, it was predetermined in a deal between N Corp and K Corp.
L Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/wikibanner.pngLobotomyFor the game Lobotomy Corporation, see here.
Lobotomy Corporation was the Wing and titular corporation whose main facility you manage in Lobotomy Corporation. Said facility has since become the Eldritch Location known as "The Library" that you control in this game. The corporation was managed by X (aka Ayin) and specialized in energy production through Abnormalities.
Abandoned Laboratory: After the deployment of the Seed of Light, L Corp. and its branch facilities collapsed into chaos and lockdowns as the Wing died for the second time in recent history. The zone where the main L Corp. was located and where the newly formed Library was standing became a battleground for various groups looking to seize power and territory, while the much more intact branches became dungeons full of monsters and valuable tech and resources with people attempting to raid these old labs for both riches and power.
Closed Circle:
The main L Corp facility was a place where once employees were hired, they were unable to get out. It's a Justified case here to make sure the employees can no longer rat them out to the Head like Michelle before, and the facility underground was a treasure trove of blatantly illegal tech, some of which would obviously procure the Head's wrath once spotted.
Averted in case of the sub-branches that are merely used for energy production purposes and cover-up, as seen in Wonderlab. While they still contain dangerous creatures, they aren't locked unlike the original facility, and employees can freely enter and exit.
A Lighter Shade of Black: Even if the cruelty L Corp. reaches is above all of the other Wings, they work under a different motive unlike the rest who generally don't care about anything but seeing people suffer and making profit.
Defector from Decadence: L Corp. is baffling among Wings for doing something with its power never before seen in the City - an act of selflessness, at least in the intention of the top management. Though the Seed of Light couldn’t be fully deployed, enough of its effects took hold that there’s at least a sporting chance for the cycle of violence in the City to someday end.
"Groundhog Day" Loop: The main facility of L Corp. is affected by slower time compared to the outside world (where a decade outside equals to millions of years within) and events are often reset by the manager and played on loop, over and over. This is done in order to buy time for him so he might make amends with his subordinates and complete Carmen's final wish, something that he actually forgot after dozens of loops until it's brought to him.
Messianic Archetype: L Corp. is often associated with religious parallels and symbolism through its key personnel, end goal, specific Abnormalities and imagery.
Former L Corp.
A Wing which was the main target of the Smoke War a decade ago. It was a monstrous Wing which was infamous for sharing little of the energy it had produced. It also used a particularly obnoxious Singularity as its power source that often produced thick smoke and had strange mood-changing effects on those who inhaled the smoke. It was eventually destroyed in the Smoke War by Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias, who used several groups such as the Udjat and the 4th Pack of R Corp. to remove it.

0% Approval Rating: Not even the other Wings liked old L Corp. In fact, before the Smoke War, the opinions of it from average citizens were terrible enough that going to war and demolishing it was considered an open consideration, only avoided because no one wanted to go to the trouble of doing so. Once Ayin kick-started the Smoke War, everyone that caught wind of it took the chance to wipe it off the grid.
Cynicism Catalyst: Seeing old L Corp's Singularity is the first time Roland sees how ugly the City can be, and starts his long spiral into cynicism and belief that Humans Are Bastards. The effect on him is so pronounced that it's implied to be the first form his unstable Distortion takes.
Hated by All: Because of how mean, morally bankrupt and grotesque this Wing is, nobody likes it, and that's saying a lot considering how Wings are established as bizarre, monstrous organizations and even most of them are either repulsed by it or pissed off by its business practices. It tells when the only known Wing that backed it is the equally monstrous old G Corp.
Hate Sink: Intentionally made as unlikable as possible so literally everyone else will gang up on them in favor of Ayin and Benjamin.
Nothing Is Scarier: Downplayed; while the actual appearance of the previous L Corp's Singularity (which is implied by Roland and Salvador's reactions to be horrific) is never shown, it is heavily implied that Roland's second form in his battle is based on his suppressed memories of the Singularity back when he participated in the Smoke War.
Not Me This Time: Whatever incited the Smoke War wasn't the corporation's actual fault; Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias simply wanted a convenient target and found one to strike. After things kicked off though, everyone who had a bone to pick quickly joined the fight.
The Friend Nobody Likes: Old L Corp. was notorious among its partners for sharing very little of the energy it produced.
    Notable Employees 
The Manager
See here here for more details about X and A.
The Sephirot
See here for more.
M Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/m_corp_logo.pngMDM EntrepriseA Wing known as MDM Entreprise, they produce a Singularity known as a Moonlight Stone which has the primary utility of protecting the wielder's minds from psychic attacks, though it apparently can also serve as a decryption key for certain records according to the Liu Association. They're also implied to have something to do with mental rehabilitation, or some form of modifying the psyche, as well as a mysterious knight order named the Order of the Lunar Visage.
Bedlam House: 'Limbus Company' briefly references them running an "Abyss Trauma Correctional Facility", which people can apparently be forcibly committed to.
Psychic Block Defense: The primary use of the moonlight stone is to mitigate psychological afflictions and attacks.
N Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/ncorp.pngNagel und Hammer
"Nagel und Hammer... The Wing that values experience above all else."
Meursault, Limbus Company, Episode 3-11
A Wing which governs District 14. Formally known as Nagel und Hammer, or the Nail and Hammer, they have a set of fourteen Taboos prohibiting certain actions in their district; one of the Taboos prohibits recording footage within the District. Violating a Taboo will cause N Corp. to send a specialized Fixer called a Taboo Hunter to secure the offender(s) and transport them to N Corp's headquarters for unknown reasons, or just eliminate them outright. They're also behind the N. Corp Inquisition, a Cult who despises prosthetics which they can send to attack other Wings.
Ambiguous Situation:
It's left ambiguous if Nagel und Hammer is simply a subsidiary paramilitary force for N Corp. or if Nagel und Hammer is the full name of the corporation itself and the "inquisition" Kromer leads is simply a subfaction. Mersault goes for the latter interpretation, but they have multiple employees that aren't Inquisitors.
Dante's Notes in Limbus Company clarifies this: Nagel und Hammer is the full name of N Corp. Which means the Inquisition is acting under its name.
Berserk Button:
One of the Taboos of N Corp is filming anywhere on their district. Not even taking a video during the Night of the Backstreets, the very act of filming is enough for N Corp to send a Taboo Hunter on you.
N Corp is very anti-mechanical prosthetics for no known reason, to the point that they will attack and slaughter entire cities in the Nests of other Wings over it.
Blue-and-Orange Morality: They kill people over strange taboos and hate prosthetics for no apparent reason, making them some of the more logically alien Wings.
The Caligula: Even when compared to other Wings, the only thing we've heard about them is killing people for seemingly minor and bizarre infractions. Nobody knows the motive behind all of this, either. The people they hire also really aren't the most pleasant of people, bar Vespa Carabro. There's even the Inquisition, a subgroup within N Corp which are religious fanatics with an utter hatred of anyone or anything with mechanical prosthetics.
Crystal Spires and Togas: District 14 is composed of white buildings as if the entire place is "blanketed with snow".
Evil Luddite: On top of their sheer brutality and backwards laws, it's implied that the Wing is at least partially technophobic, with camera and film technology being inexplicably banned and punishable by death if they're used in their territories. The team led by Kromer into K Corp. are particularly anti-prosthetic, hunting down and butchering anyone found using mechanical body parts for their crimes against the body, seeing it as an act of mercy to impale and burn heretics over letting them continue to suffer with their replacement parts. This is top of seeing the bus used by Limbus Company as a heretical vehicle and being willing to spare the entire team on the condition that they behead Dante on their behalf. Most petty of all, these Inquisitors have also smashed most of the electrical appliances in the village they're massacring with their nails save for the PA system. It goes some ways to explaining their preference for their archaic and crusader-themed uniforms, with the majority of the group's combatants wearing suits of armor with a modern flair. This makes them look out of this time period when put beside the more modernized Wings, and especially while inside the borders of the futuristic K Corp.
Experience Points: The flavor text of Mersault's N Corp. identity states that their Nails can be used to manufacture "canned experience". Vergillus's story also mentions them selling canned experiences that makes anyone who consumed them experience the feeling of committing suicide.
Felony Misdemeanor: The 14 Taboos sum up as executing people for strange crimes. The only one we know so far is "filming in the Backstreets".
Greater-Scope Villain: Are currently this for Limbus Company, being the ones most obsessed with obtaining the Golden Boughs. Hermann and the N Corp. Inquisition all directly antagonize Limbus Company in their search for the Golden Boughs, and are all under the employ of N Corp. Their Taboo Hunters are also behind the slaughtering of most of Vergillus's squad. On top of that, several of the main characters' backstories are connected to them: Sinclair's family was slaughtered by the 'Inquisitors' made up of N Corp employees, Yi Sang and Meursault both worked for them at some point, and the previously mentioned Hermann is Gregor's Arch-Enemy.
Hair-Trigger Temper: Based on what they did against Moses and K Corp, they're very easy to piss off even when compared to other Wings. Filming in their Backstreets is grounds for a trained Fixer to slaughter you, and they will gleefully blow up entire cities using a special cultist squad just because another Wing has a prosthetics plant right next to their border.
Hate Sink: The only things we hear about this Wing is them killing people for strange reasons and snagging the Golden Boughs, but it's in Limbus where we find out they are more than willing to hire Ax-Crazy Sadists to carry out the dirty work. It doesn't paint a good reputation for them by a long shot.
Irony: They are targeting entire towns associated with prosthetic plants, and they even have an anti-prosthetic cult group within them to dole out massacres against them. Too bad you really have to be biologically augmented to even qualify lifting a sword. In fact, despite being so against prosthetics, one of their high-ranking members is Hermann, who oversaw bio-enhancement surgeries to replace human limbs with monstrous insectoid ones in the old G Corp. Though it's noted that they actually hate mechanical prosthetics specifically.
Ivy League for Everyone: They are famous for their prestigious universities and colleges, and prides itself over the academic success of its students.
Light Is Not Good: Seemingly their recurring motif. Their District is littered with white buildings and prestigious universities and colleges, and their Inqusition has a heavy Knight Templar and crusader motif on them. However, their agents will kill people for bizarre reasons due to a lethal cocktail of insane fanaticism and Blue-and-Orange Morality, and they are not far from hiring the worst types of people to do the dirty work.
Loophole Abuse: Subverted. Despite the Taboos being technically laws, if you breach a Taboo in the Night of the Backstreets (where laws supposedly don't apply), you'll get killed anyways.
Order Is Not Good: They're very fanatical and order-obsessed, to the point that seemingly minor infractions can result in execution. They also have private armies in Knight Templar outfits, and don't mind hiring Ax-Crazy psychos into their ranks and blowing up stuff inside the Nests of other Wings whenever convenient.
    N Corp. Inquisition 
The N Corp. Inquisition is a subset of fanatic N Corp. employees who formed a extremist cult based on the 'purity' of humanity - although their definition of purity is anything but consistent. They're headed by a cult leader titled The One Who Grips, and work as a paramilitary "inquisition" squad under N Corp.
Arc Villain: They, and their leader Kromer in particular, act as the main antagonists of Canto III of Limbus Company.
Ax-Crazy: Every single member is bat-shit insane and impossible to reason with - this is implied to be enforced through essentially drugging the potential grunt through their food and then brainwashing them.
Brainwashed and Crazy: They are created through what is presumably a Singularity that implements them with canned experience, brainwashing them into fanatical zealots.
Fantastic Racism: They consider anyone who replaced any body part with metallic prosthetics as having renounced their humanity and gleefully kill them whenever they get the chance. They don't even take into consideration if it's a full body prosthetic or a simple arm replacements - to them, it's all the same.
Religion of Evil: They seem to be an actual religious cult, with mentions of scriptures and sermons, and seem to treat The One Who Grips as a sort of divine figure. They're also bat-shit insane mass murderers who suffer from severe Moral Myopia.
Uncertain Doom: After the end of Canto III of Limbus Company their leader is dead and dozens of them were slaughtered by the Sinners during the raid on Calw. Although we don't learn what happens to the organization after that, it's unlikely for them to be a threat any more, assuming if it's not a portion of the Wing's executive branch and the Wing's management doesn't hire new personnel.
    Notable Agents 
Vespa Crabro
A Taboo Hunter hailing from District 14 and the only documented Taboo Hunter. He is a tall, bespectacled and muscular man in black and yellow dispatched by N Corp. to kill YuRia, the owner of a workshop who broke N Corp's recording Taboo in his District. He failed to kill the targets and was expelled from N Corp's elite soldiers, assisting Moses and Ezra in capturing Distortions within L Corp's District.
For tropes about Vespa, see here.

Kromer
Also known as "The One Who Grips", Kromer is the leader of the fanatical N Corp. Inquisition, a group of N Corp. agents styled after the Knight Templar and the Inquisition.
For tropes about Kromer, see here.

P Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/p_corp.pngA Wing which created (or at least was responsible for the creation of) the Shelter from the 27th of March. Their Singularity is a form of spatial manipulation, allowing them to create structures with unnatural elasticity or durability, with their goal being to create "the safest place in the world".
Bigger on the Inside: As a result of their spatial manipulation, structures and containers designed by P Corp. have a tendency to be much larger on the inside than on the outside. Among other buyers, Devyat Association makes use of this technology for their Courier Trunks.
Future Spandex: The employees of their Archival Department wear black spandex with bright yellow lights down the suit.
Mundane Utility: Their Singularity is also used to create giant tubs of ice cream (which Myo is incredibly fond of) according to the LOR artbook.
Space Master: The true nature of their Singularity is this, with the insides of structures designed by P Corp. being described as totally disconnected from the external environment, which is why they're able to withstand a near-infinite amount of external trauma.
Q Corp.
    In General 
A relatively unknown Wing whose Singularity involves glyphs or runes that can cast esoteric spells on their targets.
Magically Binding Contract: What many of their runic talismans boil down to, only activating their highly supernatural effects if those runes' specifically defined condition have been met. such as Outis' Heishou Pack Identity immediately mutating her legs into that of a hare once her target meets the condition of refusing her lord's offer for mercy.
R Corp. (Unmarked Spoilers)
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/rcorp.pngA Wing that specializes in paramilitary units. They unwittingly assisted Ayin's Seed of Light plan by providing L Corp. with extra muscle against Abnormalities and helping to overthrow the former L Corp. in the Smoke War for Ayin, Benjamin, and Dias. Their Singularity is actually cloning, meaning that as long as they have a steady supply of energy, they can infinitely replicate their troops from scratch and create thousands of copies of the same person for them to fight to death, with the surviving clone being chosen as a combatant. However, they also have to borrow T Corp's time controlling Singularity to clone effectively, because the Head has a cloning law that prevents clones from existing in the City for 7 days in a row, measured using "their time".
Badass Army: R Corp's mercenaries are so amazingly powerful and can be mass produced and deployed in extreme numbers, that they had cemented their name as the strongest mercenary groups in the City. Most notably, they are the only ones other than the Head who are explicitly permitted the boundless use of firearms without the rules, making sure that they are the most deadly force second to the Head itself.
Clone Army: Their singularity is to replicate almost infinite copies of the same person, and the original entities are presumably deceased.
Loophole Abuse: How R Corp gets around the taboo that limits cloning to train their troops. By cooperating with T Corp, they stuff their clones in a chamber that simulates a Year Inside, Hour Outside world, which bypasses the "7 days A Corp standard time" requirement.
Private Military Contractors: Their entire role as a corporation.
Walking Spoiler: Knowing their true Singularity can be quite the Wham Shot.
The Fourth Pack
    In General 
"It's good to see a familiar face."
- Angela
One of R Corp's mercenary units. The Fourth Pack's Rabbit Team was contracted by L Corp. to help deal with the dangerous Abnormalities contained in their facility. However, this forced them into an awkward position because of L Corp's dissolution and the appearance of the Library, and to prove their loyalty, they were sent into the Library. Their receptions cover both Star of the City Chapter 2.4 and Chapter 3.4.
Boss Battle: Nikolai and the three team captains are fought all at once during their final reception, serving as the finale of the WARP Train arc.
Category Traitor: The reason why Myo and the other 4th Pack team leaders are forced to go into the Library; due to having unwittingly helped Ayin with his Seed of Light, which then created the Library, R Corp forces them to go to make sure they're not traitors, as stated by Nikolai. Maxim even notes the awkward situation that they were left in after L Corp. became the Library.
Guys Smash, Girls Shoot: Played with. Maxim is certainly a melee fighter, but Rudolph is definitely ranged. Furthermore, Nikolai is melee and Myo is both as she wields both a gun and a dagger (as a result, her page is also the only hybrid out of all of them).
Horned Humanoid: Rudolph and the Reindeer Team have reindeer horns growing out of their heads. Functionally, they serve to focus electric stimuli generated from the brain, and in-game this translates to dealing an extra +2 Stagger damage in their attacks should they accumulate 11 or more Charge.
Mind Rape: The Reindeer Team's specialty is to damage the mind, so hard that they weren't used as private security units for L Corp. because they might drive the Manager (and probably even themselves) insane. In this game, this translates to the Reindeer troops being able to stagger your librarians easily, and their pages often cause recoil to their own stagger gauge.
More Dakka: The Rabbit Team's signature ability. Notably, they are also the only entities of the City other than the Head's own troops that are permitted access to lethal, high quality firearms.
Powered Armor: Maxim and the Rhino Team in general wears massive and heavily built armor.
Ragtag Bunch of Misfits: Nikolai's Complete Page notes that while the Fourth Pack is a powerful force, as an army they're quite ineffective in waging conventional warfare due to each team's weakness.
The Rhino Team, while a Lightning Bruiser in combat, they are also The Berserker and will cause quite a bit of Collateral Damage whenever they're deployed.
The Reindeer Team's Shock and Awe powers come at a cost of their own sanity, meaning extended warfare leads to their members going insane.
The Rabbit Team, as seen back in Lobotomy Corporation, has a policy of Shooting Everything That Moves, this includes non-combatants such as civilians.
Recurring Boss: They're fought and defeated once, then fought again with upgraded members immediately after.
Red Eyes, Take Warning: All of them either have this or have their eyes capable of turning a glowing red. It's a remainder of them being physically augmented.
Secret Art: Each named member of the Fourth Pack has one that unlocks after beating their second fight. All of them can only be used once they've accumulated 20 Charge stacks.
Nikolai's Disposal consists of two massive attacks that destroy all dice on the target's page and have their damage further amplified if the target is at low HP and has Nikolai's mark on them. Killing an enemy with Disposal will instantly return it to your hand with a lowered cost.
Rudolph's Mind Crush is a mass-individual attack that deals significant Stagger damage on hit.
Maxim's Ground Crash is a mass-summation attack that consumes all of his Charge stacks to unleash a single devastating blow.
Myo initially has Savage Mode, which doesn't have a Charge requirement and activates a Super Mode granting her +1 Dice Power and turning her melee pages into ranged ones. From the next Scene on, she can use her actual exclusive attack Feral Knives, a mass-individual attack that deals increased damage to the manually selected target.
Super-Strength: The Rhino Team's specialty is to charge head first using their extreme durability and strength, to the point that they themselves can go out of control. As a result, they weren't hired as mercenaries within L Corp in fear of them destroying the facility with their collateral damage.
Wolfpack Boss: For the final act of their second reception, you're forced to fight all the leaders of the Fourth Pack at once.
    Nikolai 
Nikolai
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/nikolai_ruina.pngThe commander of the Fourth Pack.
Damage-Increasing Debuff: Her Finishing Touch passive causes her to mark the last target she attacks each Scene, making them take 50% increased damage from all attacks while it persists.
Finishing Move: Her unique page, "Disposal", does massive damage and gets shuffled back into Nikolai's deck with a reduced light cost if it finishes off its target, helped by its damage bonus against low health targets.
Gender-Blender Name: Her name is normally used as a masculine one.
Never Mess with Granny: Nikolai is the leader of the entire 4th Pack, and can kick your ass with her sword. Myo even calls her "granny".
Support Party Member: She focuses primarily on granting buffs to her allies, with her combat page, Battle Command, granting 1 Strength to two allies, her passive The Commander granting 1 Strength and 1 Endurance to all allies after reaching 11 charge, and her mark significantly boosting the damage of allies.
    Maxim 
Maxim
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/maxim_ruina.pngThe captain of the Fourth Pack's Rhino Team.
Boisterous Bruiser: Maxim, and by extension the rest the Rhino Team, are the loud, headstrong muscle of the R Corp mercenaries.
Leeroy Jenkins: This is why they weren't contracted with L Corp: The collateral damage caused by their strength and aggression would've been too much for a fragile research facility to handle.
Stone Wall: Maxim is extremely durable, owing to his unique passive giving him damage resistance when his charge is max.
    Rudolph 
Rudolph
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/rudolph_ruina.pngThe captain of the Fourth Pack's Reindeer Team.
Awesome, but Impractical: His unique passive, Survivor, grants him 1 Strength and Endurance for the rest of act every time he gets staggered and can stack up to 5 times. Getting him to activate his passive even once, much less five times, in a single act without dying once he gets staggered, however, is nearly impossible at the point of the game where you get this passive.
Dumbass Has a Point: His page talks about how his Wing's singularity has been the source of public intrigue, with people wondering if R Corp was cloning people, if their personnel were war robots and how did they manage to not get sanctioned by the Head in spite of supposedly cloning people or making war robots. It turns out that they are really cloning people, but R Corp had measures to prevent the Head from outright sanctioning them for taboo violations.
Herd-Hitting Attack: Has an exclusive Mass Attack Page, "Mind Crush".
Horned Humanoid: Just like the rest of Reindeer Team, though one of them is snapped off. It does nothing to hinder his combat efficiency, however.
Punny Name: The leader of the Reindeer Team is named Rudolph. You probably didn't see that one coming.
Shock and Awe: He and the rest of the Reindeer Team utilize strange electrical staves as weapons.
Significant Birth Date: He's born on December 24, Christmas Eve.
    Myo 
Myo
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/myo_ruina.pngThe captain of the Fourth Pack's Rabbit Team and a major benefactor of L Corp. back in the days, where she would provide Abnormality extermination services for L Corp. in exchange for energy to fuel their hatching. She was well acquainted with the Red Mist, Kali.
For more about Myo during her time assisting L Corp, see here.

And Your Reward Is Clothes: Kill her using Gebura in the final Act of R Corp. II, and Gebura gets a unique Battle Symbol in the form of rabbit ears to wear.
Astonishingly Appropriate Appearance: Her hair is styled to resemble rabbit ears.
Hazy-Feel Turn: She was an ally to L Corp. in the first game, but R Corp. questioning her loyalty by bringing up the Seed of Light forces her to turn against them.
Hero-Worshipper: She idolized the Red Mist ever since Kali saved her from certain death at the hands of a Syndicate as a child. She even goes as far as to call the Red Mist "a hero" in her Key Page story and admits that she had aspired to become like Kali. Part of the reason she is so hostile towards Angela despite having worked with her closely in the past is due to the fact that Myo suspects that Angela may have had a hand in both Kali's death and Kali's current status as Gebura, whom Myo has much more mixed feelings about.
Turns Red: Myo can use her unique page, "Savage Mode", to turn her ranged pages into melee ones and unlock her mass attack page.
We Used to Be Friends: She knew Gebura in her original life. The other Fourth Pack leaders warn her to not let it affect her morale.
S Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/s_corp.pngSalpippyeo AgroindustriesA Wing known as Salpippyeo Agroindustries, which as the name implies is a rural-themed Wing that primarily focuses on agriculture and farming. It's the home District of the League of Nine in Limbus Company
Fantasy Counterpart Culture: All of the known characters that come from S Corp's district have distinctly Korean names and are based on Korean historical figures, and it's described as a place in a tumultuous social and economic situation due to rampant corruption of higher-ups and officials, pulling a rather obvious parallel to real-life South Korea.
T Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/tcorp.pngTimeTrackFormally known as TimeTrack, they are a Wing with the Singularity to control time. They are business partners for L Corp, R Corp, and W Corp, supplying them with the means to function by allowing them to control the flow of time in their base of operations.
Ayin uses their TimeTrack2 Protocol to significantly slow down time in L Corp's facility X-394 and for Angela, to constantly set the time back and forth to buy time for him to finish his plan, and to adjust/stop the facility's time flow to ease management.
Anachronism Stew: Its Nest architecture and its culture heavily resemble Industrial Revolution England, in a futuristic dystopian setting. Fitting a Wing revolving around time itself.
A Day in the Limelight: Intervallo IV-1 in Limbus Company has them deal with Time Track specifically, where they're assisted by a Level 5 Time Collector in stopping a Distortion that is "killing" the time of Nest dwellers. Said Time Collector is actually the head of T-Corp.
Equivalent Exchange: Their Singularity apparently needs to "collect time" to operate. They collect this time via the WARP trains.
Evil Is Petty: Among their many atrocities ranging from what's practically slavery, child labor and abuse and a particularly wicked form of physical and mental torture (see Love Town for a typical example), they also drained the color out of all but the most privileged sections and people of their Wing and charge exorbitant prices to restore the color for individual objects, under the logic that colour itself is a luxury that the working class must earn.
Fantasy Counterpart Culture: The residents' style of dress, the use of British English, the fancy clock towers everywhere and the fact that Heathcliff and Wuthering Heights reside there (the original story was set in West Yorkshire) makes this Wing a counterpart to the United Kingdom.
Hate Sink: Even by Wing standards, T Corp. stands out for being particularly greedy, given how they charge people money just for things to have color, the Timekilling Time event in Limbus Company goes out of its way to show the utterly dystopian state District 20 is in, to the point that even its CEO Hubert thinks things have gotten out of hand.
Irony: Despite being having an incredibly powerful and versatile Singularity and making full use of it to benefit as many outsiders as possible, it's unusually repressive against the people living within it, running counter-productivity to the logic that a successful Wing should be safe and enviable to anyone not able to get in. In fact, even Nest citizens are at risk of being urged to work in T Corps factories, implied to come with all the dangers of working someplace ran by ruthlessly greedy industrialists of the time the Wing emulates.
This is also played with in terms of how their singularity operates for its citizens. Since one is paid in time, it stands to reason that those that are poor do not have a lot of time, while those that are rich have more time than they know what to do with. This affects how they can work as well, as the amount of time you have dictates how slow or fast time moves for you, with minimum wage being 4 hours (meaning you experience 4 hours worth of time within a normal 24 hour day, or in short: move 6 times slower than normal). One particular instance has a factory owner complaining that his employees aren't producing product quickly enough and threatens to cut their pay, which would in short, make them take even longer to do their jobs.
Monochrome Past: Enforced by the Wing: the entire District lacks colour - not just the buildings, but the people and everything in it too, giving everything the look of a yellowed, monochrome photograph. It's deliberately caused by the wing through unknown means to deprive people of their identities and privileges, although it's also noted that domain over light is a prerequisite for their Singularity's control over time.
Mundane Utility: Among all the impressive feats that their Singularity allows, such as the TT2 Protocol used in L Corp's facility or heavily speeding up R Corp's cloning process to create super-honed troops, they also used it to create a cooking pot for HamHamPangPang if Roland is to be believed.
Powerful Pick: Some of their operatives wield high tech and gigantic mining picks as their signature weapon, which doubles as not only a deadly weapon but also as a show for T Corps fixation on industrial labor.
Repressive, but Efficient: Despite how repressive and nightmarish they are inside their own District, if Lobotomy Corporation and Library of Ruina were to go by, they use their Singularitiy rather effectively and realistically, the popularity of their singularity implying that they're sitting rather lofty in the hierarchy of Wings in the City.
Slavery Is a Special Kind of Evil: T Corp indulges in rampant industrial slavery even for what would be otherwise 'privileged' Nest dwellers, sending as many people as it can to its factories, including children, and using every possible method to squeeze every drop of profitability and productivity from every single worker.
Super Power Lottery: Their time-defying Singularity is among the most versatile and coveted services in the series, right next to the energy output of L Corp, its domestic, industrial and offensive uses being well worth their price. W Corp struck a business deal between themselves to both use and harvest time in a mutually beneficial partnership, R Corp uses it to train entire squads of their elite mercenaries in mere minutes, L Corp (specifically Ayin) uses it to enact their grand plan in secrecy, and on a domestic level it’s pretty handy at cooking something in a fraction of the usual time. A T Corp. device is also one of the few things capable of harming Angela in the final chapter of Library of Ruina, with her being an AI who is impervious to damage but would become uselessly catatonic once hit with a weapon that would make her experience eons of isolation in a few seconds of real time.
Super-Speed: Their singularity allows an individual to change the number of hours they experience in a day, causing them to appear in fast-forward to everyone else.
Time Master: Their TimeTrack Singularity allows them to manipulate the flow of time.
Weird Currency: Canto VI of Limbus Company reveals that time itself is used as a form of currency in conjunction with the usual Ahn in the District.
U Corp.
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/u_corp_logo_1.pngA Wing in the southern end of the city, whose Singularity is a Resonance Tuning Fork that allows them to fuse any two objects on such a level that it's like they never were apart in the first place. It houses unscrupulous maritime markets that make most of their income by selling products from the bordering Great Lake or outright piracy and kidnapping. The Great Lake itself is a massive and inexplicable expanse where unfathomable creatures and phenomena constantly lurk in search of victims, and countless aspiring U Corp. sailors meet their violent demises.
Berserk Button: U Corp has a major Taboo on writing down any of the laws of the Great Lake anywhere. Just going as far as scribbling down the Laws on a notebook is liable for them to send a Taboo Hunter on you - even though knowing the Laws is vital for navigating the Great Lake itself, forcing sailors to mentally remember them and spread information orally. The reasons for this taboo are actually far more mundane than they seem - U Corp sells encrypted information of the Lake's laws to large vessels like ones owned by other Wings, such as Lobotomy Corp's sea branch, and is presumably a pretty hefty part of their profit margin. Having people going around spreading information on the Laws by writing them down devalues this service of theirs severely.
Down in the Dumps: In contrast to the borderline beach paradise of the Nest, the Backstreets of U Corp are horrifically dilapidated wastelands overflowing with trash and sewage, and crawling with various mutant creatures like the Trash Crabs. Naturally, Limbus Company has to go there in Intervallo 4.5 to get Mephistopheles some aquatic modifications.
Eldritch Location: The Great Lake. It's a bunch of inexplicably distinct and strictly separated water bodies with no reason as to how they occurred, the entire Lake is teeming with Eldritch Abominations, and each individual section has its own set of arbitrary "Laws" which change on a dime and are forbidden to be written down by the Wing. Failure to adhere to any Laws of the Lake will result in anyone within the zone being beset upon by a "Wave", usually in the form of cataclysmic localized weather, an attack from an effectively invincible Sea Monster, or both. To make matters worse, it encroaches on the Outskirts, which also qualifies as this.
Fate Worse than Death: Suffered by one of its executive board members, who was a first-class passenger aboard the WARP Train hijacked by the Puppeteer, and turned into a Puppet. This is also the apparent fate of any humans consumed by a Whale of the Lake and turned into a Mermaid.
Human Resources: Given that Mermaids are transformed humans, their constant sales of Mermaid products are certainly this.
Merging Machine: While U Corp is best known for selling statis preservation packaging that can keep things in its exact state (fresh and hot) until opened, it's revealed that it is simply a creative application of their actual Singularity, the "Resonance Tuning Fork", which is able to combine things at a molecular level.
Not-So-Safe Harbor: U Corp is full of them, stuffed to the brim with merchants, swindlers, pirates, murderers, and other sketchy folk.
Patchwork World: The Great Lake is less a single body of water, and more a patchwork quilt of smaller, differently colored water bodies with strict borders between them, each with their own environments and Laws.
W Corp. (Unmarked Spoilers)
    In General 
https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/wcorp.pngWARPOne of the most infamous Wings in the City, WARP Corporation specializes in teleportation and uses its Singularity for WARP Trains, a type of train that can instantly teleport people from one location to another. Or at least that is what we were told about. In reality, their singularity is not fast teleportation but quick material restoration, which they demonstrate by trapping people in a 2,000 year timespace constructed by TT2 protocol (where the passengers would be driven insane) before they wipe out their memories of the horror inside the train after 10 real life seconds where the Train arrives. It is also behind the infamous Wretched Hive that is the Backstreets of District 23.
And I Must Scream: The passengers can scream just fine, but there’s a particularly gruesome fate for passengers and employees who somehow get out the train mid-transit, where they’re lost in limbo and between dimensions without any means of recovery or death for all eternity. An Abnormality, the Wayward Passenger, can be encountered by the Sinners of Limbus Company, and its near-inhuman actions and description all but directly state that the creature is all that’s left of somebody who took one of W Corps. trains and broke out. More unsettlingly, it's implied that W Corp. has the ability to jettison workers who have failed in their duties, as an injured Cleanup Crew member the Sinners encounter on a WARP Train elects to hide in a concealed hibernation pod since he cannot fight anymore, only for him to be conspicuously missing from his compartment after the Train reaches its destination.
Dark Secret: The carnage and horror you witnessed back in Love Town isn't a Singularity malfunction or accident; that is literally how the Trains they run work. The cleanup crew makes passing notes of notable incidents such as a Color Fixer smuggling himself into the regular class and trained the passengers on how to fight for 2,000 years, and sometimes things go so bad that they send the Rabbit Team against heavily mutated and insane passengers. W Corp is extremely cautious around this secret, which is only handled by a select few because they wipe the passenger's memories to make them feel like they passed 10 seconds in the train instead of 2,000 years.
Hate Sink: Their employees are at the most Punch Clock Villains, but judging from the sheer horror and torture they're gleefully pulling off on innocents on a daily basis to the point of bordering parody, this Wing clearly isn't portrayed as sympathetic.
How the Mighty Have Fallen: W Corp. was initially one of the more affluent Wings with connections to several other well-off wings, their instant-transportation services being coveted and marketed as luxuries throughout the whole city, and seemingly being above the consequences of their Dark Secret. However, the incident with the Puppeteer which resulted in the deaths of many first-class passengers, increased energy prices following the downfall of L Corp, and the further passenger disappearances caused by Cassetti caused their standing to take a nosedive. In fact, by Intervallo V-I in Limbus Company, the company is outright stated to be on the verge of collapse, with a new corporation already raring to take its place.
Laser-Guided Amnesia: Their true Singularity is Material Restoration, where they could restore insane, heavily mutilated or mutant passengers back to something very similar to their former state in just one click of a button. It also wipes out their memories of the horrors in the trains so they would believe that they only boarded for 10 seconds inside it.
Logical Weakness: The WARP Trains stall everything in time, except for one thing - will and desire. Usually this is what incites the passengers to scream and slaughter each other as they're stuck in the WARP train for far longer than they expect, but Intervallo IV.2 of Limbus Company shows a much more disturbing possibility from it - the Bloodbags and the Bloodfiends that make them are driven entirely by a desire for blood for their whole existence, and so they can be Killed Off for Real, which is otherwise impossible in the death-defying trains.
Meat Grinder Surgery: Their true Singularity of resetting someone back to the time they were "recorded" requires them to be moved back to their spot at the time of recording. In the case of WARP trains where people tend to go murderously insane, this often means putting them back together piece by piece.
Metaphorically True: The WARP Trains do arrive to their destination within 10 seconds... if you're not the one boarding the train.
Misapplied Phlebotinum: Their true Singularity allows them to restore anything to any previous state, at any time. And they use it to make the trains run on time. That means they can't even publicly use it for anything else because doing so would reveal the horrifying secret of their trains. Their dimension-crossing technology is also installed into their weapons to cause a Portal Cut.
Narnia Time: Several seconds to minutes had only passed in the real world while millenniums had past inside the dimension where the WARP Train is in.
Rule of Symbolism: Their logo is the letter W in the shape of an arrow with another arrow shooting through it, representing their teleportation technology. However, note that the arrow that forms the W is both bouncing up and down and that it’s hollowed out while the arrow that pierced it is filled, and that the empty W-arrow reaches the same endpoint as the straight arrow despite bouncing aimlessly. The full arrow represents the WARP Trains as presented to the public as rapid transport, but in actuality the W shaped arrow is what will actually happen on board the train, where people will be transported and held in limbo for millenniums until they actually reach their destination.
Teleportation: What they deal in. Except not really. They do have technology that allows for crossing dimensional borders, but it was actually something they purchased from a fallen Wing, so they don't know what's on the other side of said borders and don't want to find out.
Teleporter Accident: Averted. In Library Of Ruina, one of their trains seemingly gets stuck in another dimension mid-transport, trapping all of the passengers in there with no way out and no way to die. In reality, this happens in every WARP train, W Corp simply uses their Singularity to wipe everyone of their memories of the experience after the train arrives.
Time Stands Still: After a fashion. The WARP trains don't feature a full time-stop, but concepts like hunger, age, and death don't move forward, making all the passengers immortal (and unfortunately, aware) during the ride. The reason for this is a T Corp component in the train quite literally harvesting time from the passengers for their own business — it's why the rides take so long.
Wretched Hive: The notorious Backstreets of District 23, which they own, is rife with cannibal killers and insane thugs. Even regular people there may backstab or kidnap their friends for no apparent reason, something that Kali learnt the hard way.
    The WARP Cleanup Crew 
"So it really wasn't a malfunction. Those crooks at W Corp... They knew everything."
- Roland
A group of W Corp employees tasked with cleaning up the WARP Trains, both literally and "cleaning up" any evidence of the Dark Secret of the WARP Trains. One of their crews goes into the Library to recover the books of the Puppets, since the information contained within them could ruin W Corp. Their reception covers Urban Nightmare Chapter 2.4.
Conditioned to Accept Horror: Implied with Lesti who, despite being a freshman on the job, is completely unfaced with the carnage that she has to witness. Sen even notes that it is unusual for a new recruit to not vomit on their first day.
Death or Glory Attack: Downplayed with the Secret Art of Rose, Lesti, and Sen, Rip Space. It uses up all of the charges that the crewmate has accumulated for a chance to deal two incredibly devastating attacks that can draw more pages, but it also has a chance to deal a massive 20 recoil damage to the user on failure. What makes this downplayed, however, is that each charge spent increases the chances of success by 9.9%; with the max charge amount being 10, the combat page can potentially have a 99% success rate on use.
As per tradition, both Ryoshu and Don have these in their W Corp Identities - with Don losing HP if she uses her third skill when below 10 charge, and Ryoshu being guaranteed to lose HP if she ever uses her third skill when below 15 charge. Luckily, the latter has an indicator of when she can use it safely.
Genki Girl: Lesti is a more or less optimistic, tomboy-ish newcomer within the trio. Unfortunately, she also breaks down upon having to enter the Library to investigate or be fired, knowing fully that everyone who goes in are going to die.
Punch-Clock Villain: They may work for one of the rather more scummy Wings and help them keep the horrifying and unethical "experiments" of the WARP trains under wraps, but they make it clear they're just employees doing their jobs.
Tears of Fear: Lesti sobs when she learns that she had to enter the Library or be fired.
Unfazed Everyman: They don't seem overly bothered by Love Town, although this could be because they're used to this sort of thing. An invitation to the Library or the presence of dangerous Distortions in the Trains, however, still understandably scare them.
Walking Spoiler: It's hard to talk about them at all without discussing the truth behind the WARP Trains and W Corp's Singularity.
Wham Episode: Their reception reveals that events such as Love Town weren't simple accidents or malfunctions.
X Corp.
    In General 
A Wing that seemingly specializes in the excavation, mining, and refining of metals and artifacts. However, they're noted to always have to contend with the unknowable monsters that they unearth during their excavation missions. They maintain an order of elite knights as their military force.
Ambiguous Situation: It's unknown if X Corp has anything to do with XX Incorporated, mentioned in Lobotomy Corporation as being the company that made the All-Around Helper and We Can Change Anything Abnormalities.
Made of Indestructium: Limbus Company implies that one of X Corp's specialties is creating metal alloys with unmatched durability, which are often used for equipment for some of the City's finest such as Colors.
Powerful Pick: X Corp's Expedition Order of Excavation knights wield massive two-handed pickaxes as their weapons of choice.
Z Corp.
    In General 
The Ghost: While it exists, absolutely nothing is known about Z Corp, let alone its Nest. In fact, we don't even know where the 26th District is, as it doesn't appear on any of the maps released thus far of the City. The sole reference to its existence outside of the statement of there being 26 Wings in the City, is via the statement of a T Corp. Class 5 Time Collector, Mai a.k.a T Corp's CEO, Hubert who says "every single Nest in the City, from A to Z".